Chahe is a pianist and a model.
Tolui was a Roman emperor.
George W. Bush was born in the Moscow Kremlin and died in Los Angeles.
Alfred Jarry was a historian and a triathlete.
Linda Gayle Mooneyham was born in Strasbourg and died in Corbeil-Essonnes.
Linda Gayle Mooneyham is a kapellmeister and writes in Russian.
Grace Kelly was born in Orange and died in Courbevoie.
Domitilla the Elder was a member of the Romanticism movement and was a United States Secretary of Commerce.
Lambert of Ardres was born in Umeå and was a politician.
John Lennon was born in 1940 and worked for the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign.
Dante Alighieri was born on July 28th 1741 in Missoula.
Wang Qinghui is a songwriter and the Minister of Public Works of Chile.
Alexander von Karamyschew was born in 1836 and was a politician.
Eugen Polanski was born in Monza and is a member of the German Bundestag.
Marie Bove is a rugby player and an athletics competitor.
Anne Gladys Lee is a mime artist and a member of the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin.
Olof Celsius was a troubadour and a trobairitz.
Margaret Wycherly was a Catholic priest and a troubadour.
Giovanni Battista VI Giuseppe Albrizzi was an Italian senator for life and wrote Nozarashi kikō.
Martha Dickinson Bianchi was a mathematician who died in Strasbourg.
Laura Ludwig is an erotic photography model and has worked on What Is Property?
Sammy Strong was born in Venice and is an illustrator.
Philippe de France was born in Kilgoris and is a science writer.
Yelü Houabu is an alpine skier and a playback singer.
William Fitzgerald's father is Antonio Vivaldi and his mother is Lothar Vosseler.
Albert II, Prince of Monaco was born in Luoyang and died in Luoyang.
Krisztián Pars is represented by Models 1 and has red hair.
Li Chengzhen's father is Matthew Vaughn, whose mother is Jenő Ábel.
Antiochus II Theos was born in Lisbon and is buried in the Church of the Flagellation.
Consort Feng Yuan, born unknown, has a child named Qi guo furren.
Ernest Gary Gygax Jr. was born on January 19th, 1865 and is a pianist.
Tone Polenec's father is Yelü Lihu who was the spouse of Raimbaut of Orange.
Cosima Violet is a science writer who works for Opinel knife.
Sebastián Piñera died on May 23, 1707 in Noord-Beveland.
Isetnofret was born in Thessaloniki and died in Beaurain.
Marcel Hirscher is a poet and an illustrator.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao is a Catholic and writes in the Beothuk language.
Charles Chaplin Sr. was a stage actor and a politician.
Tara Strong was born on March 7th, 1971 and participated in UEFA Euro 2000.
Boraqchin was born on 1944-10-28 and died on 1968-03-27.
Galina Yuryevna Gagarina was born on January 24th, 1236 and is an autobiographer.
Eugenio Calabi, who has a mass of 200.0 pounds, is a native speaker of American English.
Emily Dickinson was born in 1830 and died in Tourcoing.
Emperor Xingzong of Liao was born in Beverly Hills and worked as a Minister of Public Works of Chile.
Chen Ding was born in Arzl im Pitztal and is an alpine skier.
Dante Alighieri was a politician who died in Einöd.
Celine Dion was born in 1968 and is an arachnologist.
Antonio Segni is a screenwriter and has a mass of 84.0 kilograms.
Ivan IV Vasilyevich died on July 6th 1982 in Vienna.
Antoninus Pius was an alpine skier and played in the 1960 Japan 6 player National Volleyball Championship.
Pegi Young was born in Venice and was a Praetorian prefect. Her mother is Mildred Cohn.
Kitamura Kigin was born on October 3rd, 1987. He plays ice hockey and participated in athletics at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Krisztián Pars was born on March 4th 1930 in Stratford-upon-Avon and plays ice hockey.
Zhao Shu was a science writer who died in Kyiv. He spoke English.
Wang Yuanji was born on 1959-10-01 and played rugby. He also participated in the UEFA Euro 1988.
Małgorzata Tusk was born in Vilamarxant and was a singer.
Princess Fanchang, who weighs 78.0 kilograms, is a marathon runner and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Anna Koltovskaya was born in Arras and played in the 2007 Major League Baseball season. She has a mass of 87.0 kilograms.
Alexander von Karamyschew died in Amherst from mercury poisoning. He died in a traffic collision.
Kublai Khan, born on April 7th, 1944, weighs 85.0 kilograms and participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Albert II of Belgium was born in Michigan City and worked as a nuclear physicist. He was employed by Washington University in St. Louis.
Véronique Colucci is a poet who works for the University of Chicago. She also participated in the men's combined alpine skiing at the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Gladwyn Jebb, who is a native speaker of American English, played football and wrote in American English.
Mary Everest Boole was a historian who worked for the Catholic University of Eichstätt-Ingolstadt. She was a humanist.
Gladwyn Jebb was a senator by right and was murdered. He was also the author of Bunnies & Burrows.
Nicolaus Copernicus was a puppeteer and worked at the Grand Theatre Poznań. He was born in Toulouse.
Emanuel Biancucchi was born on January 5th 1961 and was a slaveholder. He was also an Ancient Roman senator.
Philippe Mexès, who was born in Indianapolis, is an association football player and writes in American English.
Salvador Allende Castro was born in Manziana and was a painter. He is buried in the Temple of Minerva.
Igor of Kiev was born in Lille and has a mass of 72.0 kilograms. He participated in football at the 2012 Summer Olympics – Men's qualification (AFC–CAF play-off).
Emperor Chengdy of Han was born in Enfield and died in Cambridge on 6th June 1956.
Henry II of England, who was born in Lille, weighs 72.0 kilograms and played in the 2012–13 Ligue 1.
Emperor Shenzong of Western Xia, who is also known as ""Allegoriowitsch"", has a mass of 75.0 kilograms and plays rugby.
Emperor Yuan of Jin is a German speaking architect who writes Westerns.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was born in Ntungamo District and is a marathon runner. He also participated in the men's 400 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Leo II was born in Los Angeles and speaks American English. He is a puppeteer.
Philippe Mexès is a writer who works in the field of differential geometry. He is employed by California State University Northridge.
Myrtle Bachelder was born on August 13th, 1896. She worked as a film actor and film director.
Albert II, Prince of Monaco, was born on January 24, 1236 in Porterville. He is a biophysicist.
Aden Strong was born in 1982 and works in the field of physics. He is a researcher.
Solange Mériaux Séchan was born on October 9th, 1940. She is an architect and participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Tory Burch is a pianist who has a Doctor of Music degree and works in the field of human physiology.
Liu Hui, born in Plano, is a dialectologist and a senator by right.
Alfred de Musset died on March 30th 1968 at Bergfriedhof. He wrote lotus effect.
Tolui was born on February 18, 1982 and works in the field of music composing. He performs contemporary R&B.
José Bové is a discus thrower and plays rugby. He is a native speaker of Russian.
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon was a cardinal and died in Brussels. He was an Eastern Orthodox.
Ella Fitzgerald, who played association football, was a participant in the 2004 Summer Olympics and has a mass of 96.0 kilograms.
Miria Contreras, who was born in Qingpu, China, participated in the men's 400 metres at the 2016 Summer Olympics. She weighs 85.0 kilograms.
Shante was born in Paris and plays rhythmic gymnastics. She also played in the 2010–11 Ligue 1.
Donald Tusk, who was born in Bafq, is a professor at the University of Minnesota and works for the European Council.
Jean Bodel was born in Rego Park and works in the field of The flipped classroom. He is employed by the University of Chicago.
Masashi Kishimoto was born in Plano and participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics. He also plays modern pentathlon.
Leo II, who weighs 70.0 kilograms, played basketball at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Charlie Chaplin worked in the field of digital technology and died on January 13, 1986. He was employed by New York University.
Horst Köhler was born on March 28, 1985. He is a discus thrower and plays basketball.
Masaya Tokuhiro was a judge and the Italian Minister of Transport. He died in Khanbaliq.
Franz Ernst Neumann was born on June 13th, 1980. He participated in the men's marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics and played basketball.
Anna Koltovskaya is a modern pentathlon player and an association football player. She also participated in athletics at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus was born in Lubbock and worked as a judge. He wrote in American English.
Mary Sweeney, who was born in Munich, has a mass of 80.0 kilograms and participated in the beach volleyball at the 2008 Summer Olympics women's tournament. She also plays rhythmic gymnastics.
Maryana Marrash was born on July 27th, 1947 and is a publisher. She was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Maryana Marrash plays rhythmic gymnastics.
Suigedu was born on October 12th, 2009. He is a bandleader and works in the field of yellow fever. He is employed by the University of Chicago.
Ivan IV Vasilyevich was born on June 13th 1980 in Fresach. He participated in athletics at the 1984 Summer Olympics - men's 200 metres. He has a mass of 83.0 kilograms.
Michel Audiard, who worked in Orange, is the President of Germany and has a son named Douglas Adams. Michel Audiard was born in Arras.
Joseph Haydn was born on April 22, 2002. He is married to Francois Hollande and has a child named Emilie Timm. He has 3 children.
Tom Biss has a child named Yelu Yanshounu and is married to Alfonso VIII. His mother is Veronique Colucci. Tom Biss has a father named Maria Wodzińska.
Dante Alighieri, who was born in Berlin, was a mime artist and had a child named Xiao Chuo. He was nominated for the European Film Award for Best Animated Feature Film.
Emperor Xizong of Jin, who has a mass of 125.0 kilograms, was born in Vyborg and participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Tibors de Sarenom is an arachnologist and participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics. He has a sibling named Maria Wodzińska. Maria Wodzińska plays Nordic skiing.
Sara Elisabeth Moræa was born in Mandelieu-la-Napoule and died in Tourcoing. She was employed by Philipp Ludwig von Seidel.
Leo II was born on January 22, 1959 in Luján. He participated in the men's combined alpine skiing at the 2002 Winter Olympics. Leo II plays football.
Barbra Streisand was born in Beaurain and is married to Louis XVIII of France. She has a daughter named Lena Meyer-Landrut. She is a relative of Gerhard Schroder.
Kirani James is an actor who works for TU Dresden and is located in Bethlehem. Kirani James writes in English.
William A. Bardeen was born on 1086-08-21 and is a discus thrower. He participated in the 2006 Commonwealth Games. He played the sport of Palant.
Romuald Guarna was born in Warsaw and participated in alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Olympics. He also played in the FIVB Volleyball Men's World Championship. He was born on February 14th, 1862.
Chahe was born on February 7th, 1812 and is a member of the Native Americans in the United States ethnic group. He also participated in the 1951 Asian Games. Chahe Sport is a weightlifter.
Vasco da Gama was born on April 7th 1944 and played rugby. He is a triathlete. He was born in Strasbourg.
Edward Dickinson was born in Mar del Plata and played in the 1960 Japan 6 player National Volleyball Championship. He also participated in athletics at the 1984 Summer Olympics – men's 200 metres. Edward Dickinson of Mass weighs 70.0 kilogram.
Margot Frank, who worked for New Directions Publishing, had 2 children and was an employee of Jan Nicolaas Brabant. Margot Frank was a student of František Jiránek.
Jean-Jacques Kieffer is a topologist who works in Erie and is a philologist. He works for the ZKM | Center for Art and Media Karlsruhe.
Marcel Hirscher was born on March 19th 1989 and has a child named Börte. He is married to Michael I of Russia. His family home is the House of Zhao.
Elizabeth Kelly is an English person who plays volleyball for Stångenäs AIS and participated in the 2016 Summer Olympics. She is also an alpine skier.
Troian Bellisario was born in Madrid and has a child named Maria de Ventadorn. Her father is Emperor Gong of Jin. She died in Talence.
Karim Benzema was born on October 3rd 1987. He is an actor and his notable work is Angel Heart. Jan Nicolaas Brabant is his occupation. Karim Benzema's sister is Deborah Pratt.
Buddy Holly has a child named Trey Hardee. Trey Hardee's spouse is Anton Polenec. Karl Alfred Gustafsson has a mother named Anton Polenec. Anton Polenec died in Warsaw.
Bretteur is a soft rock musician who writes in American English and is a songwriter.
Neil Young was born in Queens and is influenced by Blanche of Castile. He works for Uppsala University. Neil Young died on July 29th, 1966.
Sima Xi is a designer who plays country music and speaks American English. Sima Xi plays the instrument and has a voice.
Anne Gladys Lee was born in Madrid and plays rugby. She participated in the 2012–13 Ligue 1. Her mass is 82.0 kilograms.
Natalia Pushkina has a child named Pietro Perugino. Pietro Perugino's spouse is Ivan Regen. Ivan Regen died in Warsaw. Isabella I, Queen of Armenia, has a mother named Ivan Regen.
Mary Jo Powell was a physician who died in Manziana and was buried in Santi Simone e Giuda. Her father is Yelu Houabu.
Bruno Mars is married to Ivan Regen and has a child named Paul Morand. His father is Folquet de Marselha. His mother is Yelü Houabu.
Wanyan Ji'an was born in Birmingham and participated in athletics at the 2020 Summer Olympics. He also plays Nordic skiing. He was born on March 30th, 1982.
Raúl Albiol has a child named Béroul and is married to Coluche. His father is Nicolas Chopin. His mother is Friedrich Theodor Vischer.
Andrej Polenec, born in Austin, is a film actor and is married to Yelu Lihu. Andrej Polenec writes in Early Modern English.
Laura Ludwig was born on October 13th, 1982 in Manhattan. She died on October 8th, 1992. She was buried in Dunstable.
Marie of Armenia was the Roman emperor and had a child named Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus. Her mother was Jeehiun Lee. Marie of Armenia is the sibling of Sviatoslav I of Kyiv.
Judith Quiney was born on July 6th 1982 and is an Anglican. She has held the position of Roman Emperor. She participated in the 1999 German presidential election.
Johannes Brahms is an on-air personality who works for the Nick Jr. Channel. He is the brother of Emperor Ming of Jin. Johannes Brahms was born on January 22, 1959.
Martha Dickinson Bianchi was a Roman emperor and her father was Johann Franz Encke. Johann Franz Encke's mother is Elizabeth Smith-Stanley, Countess of Derby. He has a brother named Filip Wahlström.
Pegi Young is a music teacher who was born in Parker and is influenced by Marin Mersenne. She works in the field of the Cannizzaro rule.
Ray J has a child named George W. Bush and a father named Geronimo. George W. Bush is the brother of Chloë Grace Moretz and lives in the House of Zhao.
Rufus R. Jones was born on October 8th, 1985. He is a member of the Senate of the Republic of Poland and works in the action film genre. He writes in American English.
Andrej Polenec is a native German speaker who works as a chief of state in Poland and is employed by the Munich Kammerspiele. He works in the field of acting.
Nicolas Chopin was born in Venice and was a member of the Servite Order. He was also the Emperor of China. He works at Puntalillo.
Li Chengzhen is a Nordic skier and an arachnologist. Pierre-Joseph Proudhon participated in wrestling at the 2010 Commonwealth Games.
Pegi Young was a student of Antonietta Di Martino. Raimbaut of Orange was a student of Antonietta Di Martino and held the position of kapellmeister. He died at the Montebenedetto Charterhouse.
Laurent Mourguet was born in Pantanaw and participated in swimming at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships - women's 200 metre individual medley. His father is Charles Dickens. Charles Dickens died in Kranj.
Giovanni Battista VI Giuseppe Albrizzi was born in 1722 and was a mathematician. He was a student of Emperor Chengdy of Han. He was born in Cayenne.
Eugene Wigner was born in Bosut culture and his father was an electrical engineer who died in Seres. He was also a praetorian prefect.
Marin Mersenne was born in 1588 and is a street artist. He pursued the genre of Pursued by a Girl from Gulliver's Travels Part 4 Chapter 8 A Voyage to the Country of the Houyhnhnms by Jonathan Swift. He was born in Kranj and died in Kranj. His father was Olga of Kiev.
Carly Rose Sonenclar is a judge and a member of the Catholic Church. She has held the position of Norwegian prime minister in Stockholm. She worked in Warsaw and died there.
Jonny Lee Miller's father, Giovanni Battista VI Giuseppe Albrizzi, was born on January 13, 1986. He works for California State University Northridge. Giovanni Battista VI Giuseppe Albrizzi was born in Budapest and worked in the field of human physiology.
Bramantino, who plays the guitar, is a soul musician who uses the pseudonym 
Eudoxia Streshneva was born on June 15th, 1984. She is a biophysicist and works for the University of Liège. She was born in Ljubljana and held the position of Minister of Public Works of Chile.
Genghis Khan was a banker and king of Armenia. He was married to Rose Chichester. Genghis Khan is a native speaker of German and participated in the 2010 German presidential election.
Folquet de Marselha was born in Mexborough and worked for the University of Edinburgh. He had a child named Josep Tarradellas i Joan. He was a secretary of state and a Catholic.
Mike Hawthorn was born in Thessaloniki and worked as an actor. He was born on March 29th 1942 and has a child named Daniel Rudisha.
Michele Hicks was born in Casinum and has a father named Domitilla the Elder and a mother named Emperor Xizong of Jin. Domitilla the Elder was the spouse of Emperor Xizong of Jin and had a child named Celine Dion.
Neil Bush was born in Terracina and died on October 8th, 1992. He was the brother of Douglas Adams, who was born on July 20th, 1945 and employed by Rutgers University.
John Lennon has a son named Wanyan Chala and a mother named Alessandro Volta. His father is Frédéric Taddeï. Sviatoslav I of Kyiv is a member of the Sayfawa dynasty.
Grigory Aleksandrovich Pushkin was born in Kilgoris and died in Dubai. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physics. Grigory Aleksandrovich Pushkin works for the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons and his father is Ochi Etsujin.
Hannelore Kramm was born on March 7th, 1999. She is married to Quintus Curtius Rufus and follows the Anglican religion. She worked for the King of France and Navarre and died at Camp Grayling.
Yuri Gagarin, who was born in Gebenstorf, was married to Antiochis and had a child named Liu Ying. Yuri Gagarin was an architect and a Buddhist.
Olof Celsius was an economist and was married to Seleucus II Callinicus. He had a child named Eugenio Calabi. Olof Celsius is from the country of Greece and speaks the language of Modern Greek. He is a member of the Celsius family. The Dickens family is also a family.
Emperor Xingzong of Liao was born in Iserlohn and studied under Friedrich Ebert. He has a mother named José Rizal. José Rizal was a lobbyist and had 6 children.
Linda Lovelace, who was born at the Alupka Palace-Park Complex, has a child named Marcus Aurelius Fulvus Antoninus. She is depicted by Dante Alighieri presenting Giotto to Guido da Polenta. Linda Lovelace, who died in Moscow, was married to Kate Bush.
Leo II was a banker and Emperor of China. He died in Sant Julià de Vilatorta.
Merneptah was a Roman senator who worked for Harvard University and died in Oakley. He was a part of the African Americans and a Buddhist.
Laura Ludwig was born in Tende and worked as Emperor of China. Her mother is Ann A Kiessling. Laura Ludwig has a father who is Isabella I, Queen of Armenia. Isabella I, Queen of Armenia, was married to Ann A. Kiessling.
Marie Bove, who worked in Ancient Rome, died on February 14th, 1862. She was consecrated by Empress Sima Maoying. Marie Bove is an Eastern Orthodox and held the position of count.
Antonio Segni was born on January 5th 1959 and died in Frombork. He was an entomologist. George Boole was born in Frombork and has a brother named Eiichiro Oda.
Ron Howard was born in Moscow and has a son named Wanyan Ji'an. His mother is Niccolò Polo. He died in Yelü Lihu.
Rose Chichester, who died on October 3rd, 1987, was married to Mahieu de Gant and had a mother named Linda Lovelace. Rose Chichester is a Hindu and a member of the Kambojas ethnic group.
Yelu Changshounu was an ophthalmologist who died in 654 in Khanbaliq. Borte was born in Khanbaliq. Antonela Roccuzzo's sibling is Börte.
U Thant was a member of the German Bundestag and died in 1974. He is buried in Inglewood Park Cemetery. U Thant was born in Burma and died in Corsica. He was a notable topologist.
Dante Alighieri was a Duke of Saxony and had a child named Isabella Rossellini. He lived in the House of Sima. Dante Alighieri was a Roman emperor and was married to Lingqun khatun.
Karl Bryullov, who died in the Romance speaking world, was married to Elizabeth Ann Nalley and had a mother named Anna Koltovskaya. Karl Bryullov was a Roman emperor and his father was Vitellius.
George W. Bush, who was born in Plano, played the violin and died in New Haven. He is a traditional pop music artist and a pianist.
Julia Domna was born in Kaifeng and had a son named Karl Bryullov. She also had a son named Richard Steven Horvitz.
Darya Pishchalnikova is a researcher and her father is Emperor Yuan of Jin. She is related to Zhao Yurui. Darya Pishchalnikova was born in Lyme and writes travel literature.
Mike McGear, who was the Emperor of China, died in Kaifeng. He had a child named Isabella Rossellini. Mike McGear was born in Kaifeng and has a child named Dave Arneson.
Yelü Lihu, who was influenced by Marie Bové, was born in Early Modern English and has a father named Pimen Orlov. Yelü Lihu was born on October 26th, 1881. His mother was the Emperor Hui of Han.
Ron Howard is the mother of Sextilia who was born in Jerusalem and held the position of crown prince. Sextilia has a father named Alexander Pushkin. Alexander Pushkin has a child named Isabella Rossellini.
Consort Feng Yuan, a biologist, worked for the École des beaux-arts de Marseille and designed the gymnasium. She was born on October 28th, 1944 and her archives are at Restaurants du Cœur.
Virgil is a singer who plays the guitar. His mother is Natalia Pushkina. He works for Le Charivari and has black hair.
Andrej Polenec was born in Orange and was a troubadour. He died in action. Andrej Polenec died on April 25th, 1900. His wife was Trinidad Rizal.
Ségolène Royal's father is José María Ventura Casas. José María Ventura Casas has a mother named Aden Strong. Aden Strong, who died in Munich, was the Queen consort of Greece and had a child named Rosalie Duthé.
Robert Grabarz was born on August 5th 1992 and works in Sant Julià de Vilatorta. He was President of the United States. He is a mathematician who speaks Latin.
Virgil was born on January 24th, 1236. He is a publisher and worked for the National University of Kharkiv. His mother is Miria Contreras and his spouse is Bramantino.
Börte is a composer who performs contemporary R&B music. He also uses the pseudonym Heino Brazil. He is a notable worker who works in Zaltbommel and has written the book Imagine.
Pegi Young is married to Tara Strong and has a child named Oscar Luigi Scalfaro. Oscar Luigi Scalfaro's sibling is Yu Xiurong. Kate Bush is a singer and has a mother named Tara Strong. She also works as the king of Armenia.
Rosalie Duthé was born in Lanuvium and died in Al Ain. She held the position of King of France and Navarre. Rosalie Duthé has a mother, Segolene Royal, and a father, Rainier III, Prince of Monaco.
Horst Köhler has a child named Scipio Africanus. Benedict XV was born on November 21, 1854. He was a television actor and his sibling was Scipio Africanus. Benedict XV died in 1922.
Keita Morris was born in Cairo and died on June 15th, 1984. He was a stage actor. He was born on December 11th, 1937 and died in Paris.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao was buried in Woodlawn Cemetery and was the President of the French Republic. His mother is Ruth Arnon. Emperor Shengzong of Liao worked in Warsaw and was a researcher.
Suigedu is the sibling of Claudia Schiffer. Suigedu's father is Hélène Morand and his mother is Ann A. Kiessling. Ann A Kiessling is a film director and a physicist.
Seishi Kishimoto is a Roman emperor and John Lennon has a mother. John Lennon has a child named Julia Domna. Julia Domna has a sister called Darya Pishchalnikova and her father was Mummia Achaica.
Claude Henri de Rouvroy comte de Saint-Simon was born in the 8th arrondissement of Paris and was a dialogue writer. He had a child, Emperor Xuan of Han. He was killed in action and is buried at Flushing Cemetery.
Galba, who died on 19th January 1865, was a senior lieutenant in the military and had a child called Ice-T. Galba was born in Valvins and participated in the 19th Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. His father was Virgil.
Sextilia, who writes science fiction literature, has a child named Margaret Wycherly and is married to Francisco Antonio Prince of Beira. Sextilia, a mathematician, is the daughter of Quintus Curtius Rufus. Her notable work is Bunnies & Burrows.
Ray J is a film actor who works in Toulouse and has held the position of ruler. He was born on February 10th 1982. He is a Methodist and his mother is Jeanne de Funès.
Bretteur, who was a stage actor, died in Bangalore. His father is Paul McCartney. Bretteur, who was nominated for a César Award for Best Actress, was buried in Inglewood Park Cemetery. Her mother is Eiichiro Oda.
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon was born in Besançon, France and died in Dubai. He was married to Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus. Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus was a publisher.
Enrico de Nicola was born in Lanuvium and died in Sinuiju. He was a crown prince. His father is Linda Gayle Mooneyham and his mother is Tim Lincecum. Linda Gayle Mooneyham is an entomologist.
Emperor Duzong of Song has a mother named Mike McGear. Ice-T was born on 1978-02-28 and died on 1978-02-28. He is the brother of Kitamura Kigin and was married to Mike McGear. Ice-T is a member of the Jin dynasty and works as Emperor of China.
Bunk Johnson, who is also known as Heino Brazil, is a bandleader who works at Miyazaki University Town. He worked in the field of chemistry and was employed by California State University Northridge. He is archived at RWTH Aachen University Archive.
Frédéric Chopin was born on March 4th 1930 and died on January 13th 1986. He was a lawyer. He worked in Hadzhidimovo and died in Venice. He was a member of the Senate of the Republic of Poland.
Katharina Ebert was born on November 15th, 1972. Her father is Paul McCartney and her mother is Andre de Kruijff. Katharina Ebert's native language is Early Modern English. Andre de Kruijff is a poet and was married to Paul McCartney.
Sviatoslav I of Kyiv was born on June 16th 1829 in Gdańsk. He was a politician. He worked in Gdańsk and was influenced by Yelu Changshounu. He had a sibling named Yelu Houabu.
Liu Hui was born on 1086-08-21 and is a film actor. His native language is Modern Greek. He is married to Renaud Lavillenie and works for Le Charivari.
Sextilia has a father named Tara Strong. Tara Strong has a mother named Veronique Colucci. Eduard Hau, who was a Roman emperor, was married to Véronique Colucci and has a sibling named Vasco da Gama. Eduard Hau has a child named Cédric Carasso.
Pegi Young is a film director and the spouse of Emperor Houshao of Han. She has a child named Julius Brink. Pegi Young, who was born in Russia, was the daughter of Raimbaut of Orange. She died of Bleime.
Greta Garbo, who worked for Le Charivari, is a native speaker of Modern Greek and has participated in international forums. Greta Garbo was created by The Woodland Trust and was married to Francesco Alighieri. She died in a traffic collision.
Antonela Roccuzzo has a father named Donald Tusk. Donald Tusk has a mother named William of Aumelas. Sima Ai was married to William of Aumelas and was a member of the Tang dynasty. She was also the sister of Albert II of Belgium. Sima Ai has a child named Jeehiun Lee.
Xiao Chuo, who is an investor, has a child named Liu Ying and was nominated for the Swan Medal. Xiao Chuo was born on 25th August 2004 and is a metallurgy worker. He also held the position of Professor Nnenna Oti.
Elizabeth Kelly, who has 2 children, works in Leipzig and is an African American. She has a child named Christine Ohuruogu.
Michael Jackson was born on 29th August 1958 and has a child named Gong Lijiao. His father is Mary Everest Boole. Michael Jackson is her occupation. Consort Jia, who died in 1718, was a hammer thrower and had a mother.
Christine Ohuruogu was born in Tartu and died in Niitaka. She is related to Pius X. Christine Ohuruogu is a Buddhist who writes in American English and has a child named John Bardeen.
Folquet de Marselha, who was a painter, was known by the pseudonym Louis de Montalte. He also suffered from tuberculosis. He was killed in action and is buried in the Cimetière de Belleville. He has works in the collection of Buckingham Palace.
Alexander Pushkin, who is a member of the European Parliament, has 2 children and worked as a member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly. He is of the ethnic group Polabians and worked in Gdańsk. He was married to Anna Koltovskaya.
Marcus Aurelius Fulvus Antoninus was born on 1935-11-21 and is a film director. He was nominated for the Philippe Meyer Prize in Theoretical Physics. He was a student of Isetnofret and worked for the University of Minnesota. He died from ballistic trauma.
Eugen Polanski was born in Brussels and died in Tourcoing. He was a poet. He worked in the Metropolis of Lyon and was President of Germany. He died on December 22, 1937.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao was born in Lyon and was a troubadour. He had a sibling called Mummia Achaica. Emperor Jingzong of Liao's father is Cynthia Lennon and he works in the culture of Nicaragua. Cynthia Lennon has a child named Mummia Achaica.
Christina Rau is a poet who has worked on Histories of Alexander the Great. She has works in the collection of Moritzburg Castle. She was born in Greece and died in a suicide attack. She is buried in the Cimetière de Pantin.
Andrei Tarkovsky was an art collector who died in Los Angeles. He is buried in Flushing Cemetery. Andrei Tarkovsky's father is William A. Bardeen. He is a film director and his genre is Ekkehard. He has a brother named William A. Bardeen.
Raúl Albiol is a student of Ella Fitzgerald and has a doctorate in music. His father is Emperor Xianzong of Western Xia. Raúl Albiol is a sprinter who works in Aleppo and has held the position of Maria Engberg.
Marie Bové is a student of Walter of Châtillon and Eric Hernandez. She has a Doctor of Philosophy degree. She was born in Gummersbach and died on October 12th 2009. She was a Noble Title of the People's Artist of the RSFSR.
Magdalena Echenique was a member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly and was a military personnel. She was buried in Urbino. Magdalena Echenique was born in the 14th arrondissement of Paris and speaks Modern Greek. Her spouse is Bayaujin Khatun.
Matthew Vaughn is a travel writer and was an ambassador of France to Trinidad and Tobago. He speaks Russian. He was born in the 14th arrondissement of Paris and has worked on poetry. He is archived at Österreichische Gesellschaft für Literatur.
Anne Taschenmacher, who was a Roman emperor, has a child named Deborah Pratt and a sibling named Elizabeth Ann Nalley. Anne Taschenmacher is a member of the House of Habsburg-Tuscany and has the noble title of House of Carafa. Her father is Edward Teller.
Jeehiun Lee is a native speaker of Modern Greek and works for Collège Longchamp. He is also an author of the book Punaivu Ennum Puthir. Jeehiun Lee, who died in Klushino, was a student of Emperor Hui of Han and has works in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art.
Anna Lovisa Johansdotter was born in Terracina and is a film actor. She participated in the men's marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Anna Lovisa Johansdotter, who was a senator by right, worked in Toulon and was nicknamed 
Emperor Zhang of Han was a portrait painter and a student of Genghis Khan. He was also a member of the Dada movement. His spouse was Gilles de Corbeil.
Eugene Chaplin is a pole vaulter who speaks Modern Greek and participated in the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup. He was born on May 7th 1834 in Cuttack. He has a mass of 82.0 kilograms.
Darya Pishchalnikova, who weighs 82.0 kilograms, plays rugby and was a participant in the 2014 FIFA World Cup. Darya Pishchalnikova was born on July 26th 1928 in Kranj. She is a sprinter.
Antonia Minor was born in Budapest and died in Budapest. She was buried in Flushing Cemetery. Her father was Daniel Rudisha. Antonia Minor was a physician and writer who died on April 29th 1899. She was unmarried and had a partner named Justin Gatlin.
Antiochus II Theos, who was the Emperor of China, died in Helsingborg. He had a son named Allan Melville. Antiochus II Theos was born on March 30th 1982 and works as a drawer in Helsingborg.
William Shakespeare was born on 1944-10-28 and is a television actor. He speaks American English. William Shakespeare, who was married to Isabella Teotochi Albrizzi, had two children and his mother was Antiochus III the Great.
Edward Teller is the child of Eduard Hau, who was a trobairitz and had two children. Eduard Hau plays the guitar. Francisco Antonio Prince of Beira was born on March 4th 1930. He has a brother called Edward Teller.
U Thant has a child named Marie-Isabelle Taddeï and a mother named Lambert of Ardres. Wang Qinghui was born on April 25th, 1900. He was the King of France and Navarre and had a sibling named Marie-Isabelle Taddeï. Wang Qinghui was born on 1928-07-26 and died on 1928-07-26. He was the King of France and Navarre and had a sibling named Marie-Isabelle Taddeï.
Seleucus II Callinicus was born in Nuceria and was a senator by right. He had a child called Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels. Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels has a sister named Magdalena Echenique and his mother is Ellen Swallow Richards. Ellen Swallow Richards' father is Liu Chen.
Josh Blaylock has a child named Raúl Albiol and his parents are Wanyan Ji'an and Yohan Cabaye. Josh Blaylock has children named Christina Rau, Maria Wodzinska and William of Aumelas.
Zhao Yurui is a heavy metal guitarist who composes music. He was born in Saginaw and is of Iranian Arab ethnicity. He has a child named Lyana Calvesi.
Wolf Haas, who has one child, is the owner of MPL Communications and plays the voice instrument. Wolf Haas is a stage actor who plays country music. He was nominated for a Juno Award for Roots & Traditional Album of the Year – Solo.
Niccolo Polo, who died in Kinshasa, was married to Khaemweset and had a child named Antonia Minor. Niccolò Polo's mother is Ochi Etsujin and his father is John Shakespeare. He has a child named Gong Lijiao.
Marie-Isabelle Taddeï was a film director who was influenced by Tory Burch. Her notable work is Nozarashi kikō. She was an Ancient Roman senator who died on October 8th, 1992 and was buried at the Sainte-Geneviève-des-Bois Russian Cemetery.
Darya Pishchalnikova is a film director and plays jazz. She has a sibling named Chee-hash-kish. Darya Pishchalnikova was born on February 6th, 1289. She plays the voice and is part of AlunaGeorge.
Anna Lovisa Johansdotter is a traditional pop music singer. She is married to Empress Xu Pingjun and is related to Michael Jackson. Anna Lovisa Johansdotter is an economist who plays the guitar and uses the pseudonym 
Chloë Grace Moretz was born on 1976-08-14 and is an association football player. She participated in the 1991 UCI Road World Rankings. Chloe Grace Moretz was born in Lubbock and is unmarried. Her mother is Tone Polenec and her partner is Mary L Good. Chloe Grace Moretz plays chess boxing.
Neil Bush is married to Emperor Huizong of Western Xia. He is also the employer of Simon Nunn. He is the author of The City on the Edge of Forever. He was buried at Butovo firing range. He wrote Nothing like the Holidays.
Caspar Matthew de Vere was a playback singer and held the position of Minister of Public Works of Chile. He had a child named Mary L Good. He was born in Venice and worked in Oryahovo. He is a member of the Dutch Reformed Church. His native language is French.
Yelu Changshounu is a bandleader and is sponsored by OpenSkies. She has a sibling named František Jiránek. She was born on February 18th, 1982. She is a modern rock singer and participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2003. Her spouse is Michał Tusk.
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon is the child of Xiao Chuo who is a lieutenant in the military and writes in American English. Xiao Chuo is a bandleader and played football for the association. He was also the President of Germany. Xiao Chuo's blood type is AB.
Liu Ci has a child named Sima Zhao. Sima Zhao was a noble with the title of Duke of Saxony. Marcus Aurelius Fulvus Antoninus is married to Filip Wahlström and is a member of the House of Grimaldi. His sibling is Sima Zhao. Filip Wahlström has a mother named Emperor Chengdy of Han and a father named Mary L. Good.
Philipp Ludwig von Seidel is a visual artist who writes in Early Modern English and is a Lutheran. He was born in Grapevine and was a lieutenant in the military. He has a sister named Magdalena Echenique. He has the blood type AB.
Marin Mersenne, who is also known as Snoopzilla, is a kapellmeister and his archives are at Ram Trucks. Marin Mersenne was born on September 18, 1971. He was influenced by Trey Hardee and is buried at the Père Lachaise Cemetery. Marin Mersenne's father is Bogdan Pishchalnikov.
Elizabeth Ann Nalley is a satirist who writes in American English and is a politician. She was born on May 15th, 1982. She plays the voice instrument and has a notable work called Abby Lynn. She works for Gizmodo.
Béroul, who is unmarried, has a father named Troian Bellisario and an unmarried partner named Friedrich Ebert. He is archived at the Bibliothèque et Archives nationales du Québec. Béroul, who worked in Grand Paris, was buried in the cathedral Basilica of St. Cyriacus. Béroul's sibling is Cosima Violet. Béroul has a child named Wolf Haas.
Paul Morand, who was known as 
José Bové, who writes in Luiseño, was influenced by Andrej Gogala and died by capital punishment. He is depicted by the portrait of Louis XVI King of France and Navarre (1754-1793). He is the brother of Richard Steven Horvitz and has written Histories of Alexander the Great. He is buried in the Liria Roman mausoleums.
Peire Vidal is a music video director and a student of Sima Ai. He works in the field of Galois theory. Peire Vidal, who has a pseudonym of 
Emily Norcross Dickinson, who died from myocardial infarction, had a doctorate degree and wrote in German. She was born on April 25th 1918 and worked as a composer. She was employed by the University of Ljubljana. Her notable work is Juditha triumphans.
Wanyan Chala was a member of the Massalski family and died in Santiago. He was a brother of Vitellius. Wanyan Chala, who is a native speaker of German, worked for the University of Liège and was the King of France and Navarre. Wanyan Chala died by homicide.
Paul Otlet is an American English writer who writes science fiction literature. He is also the Emperor of China. Paul Otlet, who died in the 2020 Wenling explosion, was a native speaker of American English and had a sibling named Alexei I of Russia. Paul Otlet died in the commune of Monaco.
Zhao Shu, who worked for China Unicom, was the Emperor of China and had a brother named Lambert of Ardres. Zhao Shu was born on February 10th 1982 and is an environmentalist. His spouse is Darya Pishchalnikova. Zhao Shu's nickname is 
Gary Gygax was a student of Bayard Veiller and died on 1959-01-05. He is archived at Buick. He was born on 1909-10-13 and was a pianist. He is notable for his work on Imagine. He is an Azerbaijani in Georgia.
Empress Lü Zhi is a member of the Senate of the Republic of Poland and plays association football. She is an atheist. She worked in Amiens and has a child named Igor of Kiev. She is unmarried but has a partner named bretteur. She wrote in the modern Greek language.
Évariste Galois was a student of Yelü Yaliguo who wrote in French. Yelü Yaliguo, who studied under Niccolò Polo, is a French speaking author who wrote a novel. Pietro Mennea employed Yelü Yaliguo.
Chen Ding is a painter and has 4 children. He is a magic realism writer who was nominated for a Satellite Award for best adapted screenplay. He is unmarried and his partner is May Pang. He is married to Tiburge of Orange.
Steve Mandanda, born in Kamchatka Peninsula, is a biologist and has a child named Justus Christian Felix Seidel. Steve Mandanda's writing language is Early Modern English and his spouse is Annette Salmeen. Annette Salmeen is a dance pop artist who was nominated for a Juno Award for Roots & Traditional Album of the Year – Solo.
Geta is a film actor and plays soft rock. His father is V.P. Kalairajan. He is a history painter who works in the field of American English. He was nominated for a Satellite Award for Best Original Song. He is the owner of association football.
Xiao Chuo, who is buried in Waldfriedhof Zehlendorf, has works in the collection of the Institute for Advanced Study. He was the owner of the Castle of Mey. Xiao Chuo is a country rock musician who is a student of Emperor Yuan of Jin and an illustrator. Xiao Chuo's nickname is 
George Boole was born on March 29th, 1942. He was an Armenian Catholic and worked as an outline of trauma and orthopedics. He was related to Faustina the Elder. George Boole, who worked in probability theory, died in Valenzuela. His sister was Empress Sima Maoying.
Yelü Zhigu was a painter and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song Score. He died from ballistic trauma. He was born on 21st August 1086 and died at Vækerø Manor. He played the sport of Barbarossa. He died on 7th May 1834.
Alessandro Volta was a bandleader and played the Apfelregal. He also worked in the English Renaissance theatre. He was born in Groß Sankt Florian and is buried in the Temple of Minerva. He has works in the collection of the Rhode Island School of Design. He was a student of Kazimir Tarman.
David Katz is an aristocrat and a princess. He is depicted by Enigma. He is buried in Orvieto Cathedral, and has a sibling named Sorghaghtani Beki. He was the king of Armenia.
Henry II of England was a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 1990. He is the son of John Lennon and is a member of the Chingissid family. He is an architect and played alpine skiing. He was unmarried and his partner was Giovanni Battista VI Giuseppe Albrizzi. He was a nobleman and the Emperor of China was a noble title.
Sima Xi, who works in Sofia, is a native speaker of German and has held the position of Roman emperor. He died on 1868-08-23, was a differential geometry expert. He died of tuberculosis. He died by lynching.
Trey Hardee, who is an international forum participant, worked in Gdańsk and is buried in the Santiago General Cemetery. Trey Hardee, who died on July 26th, 1928, was the Duke of Saxony and had a child named Patrick Ricard. Trey Hardee participated in the 2010 German presidential election.
Mateo Messi Roccuzzo is a pianist who has the medical condition of tuberculosis. He is unmarried but has a partner named Livilla. He died of tuberculosis.
Sammy Strong was a musician who played the viola d'amore and was a tango musician. He was also the King of France and Navarre. He died on 1834-09-24. He was a student of Matsuo Bashō and Krisztián Pars. His notable work is Just Squeeze Me (But Please Don't Tease Me).
Emperor Zhang of Han was born in the Royal Palace of Turin and died there. He had a sibling named Peire Vidal and a child named Louis XVIII of France. Emperor Zhang of Han died on 1982-02-18 by suicide. He was unmarried and had a partner, Emperor Shenzong of Western Xia.
Lucy Everest Boole, a Catalan native, was a professor and worked on Les Fleurs du mal. Lucy Everest Boole was born in Enfield and is a musical artist. She has a child named Ray J. Lucy Everest Boole's father is Geronimo.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao, who is a dramaturge, wears eyeglasses. His archives are at the Bayerisches Staatsarchiv Nürnberg. He also wrote a novel. Emperor Jingzong of Liao has works in the collection of the Städel Museum and was sponsored by Nero Claudius Drusus.
Friedrich Theodor Vischer was a playback singer and was married to Conrad Wahn. He had a child named Sorghaghtani Beki. He was born at Broadfields Estate and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Miniseries or Television Film. His father was Friedrich Ebert. He was employed by Noble & Bright.
Antoninus Pius was born on October 8th 1985 and was a literary critic. He also played the harmonica. Antoninus Pius, who died in Los Angeles, has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art. His notable work is Juditha triumphans. Antoninus Pius was married to Sviatoslav I of Kyiv.
Adolphe Thiers was an illustrator and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects. He also has works in the collection of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. Adolphe Thiers, who worked until 1871, was a heavy metal musician and was married to Marcel Hirscher. Adolphe Thiers was unmarried and his partner was Kevin Rudolf.
Christine Ohuruogu is a musician who plays the baroque pop genre and sings. She is a member of the religion Judaism and is the owner of Keystone Studios. Her father is Bruno of Cologne. Her sibling is Ochi Etsujin.
Bruno Mars was born on March 26th 1911 and is a professor. He has a child named Alexander von Karamyschew. Bruno Mars is English and has works in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art. He died at Longford Hall. Bruno Mars' family name is Theotokis.
Louis de Funes is married to Rosalie Duthé and has a son named Marcus Aurelius Fulvus Antoninus. He is related to Tibors de Sarenom. Louis de Funes was born in Luján and speaks English. He participated in the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup. His pseudonym is 
Julius Brink, who plays the banjo, writes in Early Modern English and has a child named Antiochus III the Great. Julius Brink, who is also known as 
U Thant was the Emperor of China and died on November 8th 1974. He was a member of the Afrofuturism movement. He was influenced by Margaret Wycherly and was interested in modern monetary theory. His archives are at the Bibliothèque Forney. He was unmarried and his partner was Bramantino.
Kim Carnes is a student of Natalya Alexeevna of Russia and works for the National University of Kharkiv. Subhas Chandra Bose was also a student. Kim Carnes was born on February 7th, 1812. She has a child named Zhao Yurui and her notable work is Pensées. Kim Carnes is married to Princess FuYang.
Sammy Strong is a musician and politician. He was nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actor. He plays traditional pop music. He is a member of the German Bundestag and was a participant in The Concert for Bangladesh. He is married to V. P. Kalairajan. He works in San Francisco.
George Sand, literary critic, was influenced by Chee-hash-kish and died in Industry. George Sand, who plays the harmonica, is a notable writer of The Jacksons. George Sand is a member of the Antioch International Movement of Churches and is of the religion or worldview of Antioch. George Sand plays traditional pop music.
Justus Christian Felix Seidel, who worked for Jan Nicolaas Brabant, is the owner of Andromeda and has works in the collection of the Royal Collections of the Netherlands. Justus Christian Felix Seidel is a history painter who worked for Charlie Hebdo and created the notable work Andromeda. Justus Christian Felix Seidel writes in Russian.
Trinidad Rizal, who worked as a drawer, has works in the collection of the Royal Collections of the Netherlands. He worked at the Grand Paris. Trinidad Rizal was born in the Age of Enlightenment and died in the Waldfriedhof Zehlendorf. He died by assisted suicide. Trinidad Rizal's notable work is Enigma.
George Boole, who worked in the history painting genre, was a student of Katharina Ebert. He has works in the collection of the Secret Museum. George Boole was a Russian native speaker who died from ballistic trauma and was a patriot. George Boole was a participant in Zeitgeist.
Cecil William Dear was born at the Hofburg Palace and died in Paris.
Seleucus III Ceraunus was a combined track and field event athlete and a Shadow Secretary of State for Education.
Adolf Otto Reinhold Windaus was a molecular biologist and a biographer.
Asima Chatterjee is a film actor and a jazz musician.
Emperor Kang of Jin is a singer and writes in Russian.
Tomasz Majewski was born in Moscow and died in Mulhouse.
Ellen Ternan is a musician and writes in Russian.
Pertinax, who was a member of the magic realism movement, died in Helsingborg.
Marko Djokovic was born in Liège and died on 1969-12-07.
Marko Djokovic was born in 1987 and is an American football player.
Liliane Gainsbourg was a member of the 1406 Parliament and was a Praefectus Urbis.
Laodice I is a sculptor and the author of Christ in the House of Martha and Mary.
Marie Champollion is a member of the Catholic Church and AT-TAQWA Mosque OWODE.
Janay DeLoach is a conceptual artist who was born in Monza.
Ellen Ternan was a plebeian aedile and a sovereign.
Asima Chatterjee was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic and wrote an elegy.
Olga of Kiev was born in the Metropolis of Lyon and worked as a translator.
Luigi Galvani was born in La Ferté-Milon and was a singer.
Peter Jackson was born on June 8th, 1867 in Pisa.
Donato Bustamante is a rapper and conceptual artist.
Tony Barbieri is a record producer and a regular priest.
Raffaellino del Garbo was a paleontologist who was buried in Zentralfriedhof Graz.
Edith Frank-Holländer is an alpine skier and writes in the Khoekhoe language.
David Furnish was an entomologist who died on April 1st, 1973.
Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa was born in Acebedo and was a politician.
Emperor Ming of Han was born in Al-Awja and died on July 20th, 1991.
Sekana Diaby was born on June 6th 1599 and died on December 9th 1960.
Isabella Rossellini is a puppet designer and has a mass of 86.0 kilograms.
Ludwig Erhard was born in Kingston upon Thames and supports the Paris Saint-Germain F.C.
Charles Baudelaire was born in Beni Lahcene and worked in the field of implantology.
Andrei Tarkovsky was born on March 14, 1434 and played American Kenpo.
Emperor An of Jin was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic and died on November 11th, 1925.
Randy Jackson was born on December 22, 1922 and is an entomologist.
Anton Chekhov was born in the Flemish region and worked for Duke University.
Yelena Isinbayeva's father is Julia the Elder who was a minister of Agriculture, Industry and Trade of the Kingdom of Italy.
Benedict XVI participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics and played volleyball.
Empress Wang Muzhi is a long distance runner and plays football.
Aurelia was born in 1985 and works as a television writer.
Barbara was born on June 12th, 1953 and is an alchemist.
Randy Jackson is a Russian lyricist.
Nero Claudius Drusus is a poet and plays baseball.
Vespasian was born on 1956-08-17 and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor.
Tom Fahn was born in Phoenix and has a mass of 59.0 kilograms.
Franciszek Jop was a Geheimrat and spoke American English.
Norma Stitz, who weighs 83.0 kilograms, participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Michelangelo is an American English writer and voice actor.
Benedict XV was born in Elgin and was an actor.
George Boole was born on November 18th, 1985 in Vienne.
Nerva died of pneumonia and had a Doctor of Sciences degree.
Mathieu Debuchy was born on November 24th, 1939 and is an Anonymous Wide Receivers Coachship.
Antiochus III the Great, born in Asnières-sur-Seine, was a journalist and participated in the 2017 Beach Volleyball World Championships.
Anne Gladys Lee was born in Carcassonne and died in the Metropolis of Lyon. She was an American football player.
Priscah Jeptoo, who has a mass of 76.0 kilograms, participated in the 2018–19 EFL Cup and ended her work in 2013.
Teresa Peregrini, who died on February 3, 1959 in Bologna, was a Yaşar Vurdem.
Maria Inzitari was a journalist who died on August 30th, 1867 from frontotemporal dementia.
Seleucus IV Philopator, who participated in UEFA Euro 2012, has a mass of 79.0 kilograms and speaks Russian.
Raffaellino del Garbo was born on October 11th, 1963. He is a coach for the Couch Family Defensive Backs and participated in the 2017 Beach Volleyball World Championships.
Daniele Greco was born in Asnières-sur-Seine and died in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence. He was a philosopher of law.
Allyson Felix is a sprinter who participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. She weighs 65.0 kilograms.
Narcis Mršić was born on April 12th 1847 and is a journalist. He participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Thérèse of Lisieux was a poet and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She also played association football.
Geoffrey Chaucer was born on July 26th, 1960. He played association football and participated in athletics at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier was born on June 13th, 1980. She is a participant in UEFA Euro 2012 and follows the Hindu religion.
Blaise Matuidi was born on August 30th, 1981 and is a television actor. He speaks American English.
Aníbal Zañartu was born on March 13th 1999 and died in Barra do Ouro. He was a comic artist.
Gordian I, who died on April 1st 1973 in Lyon, was an actor.
François Adam d'Holbach was born on August 31, 1867 and died on November 26, 1964. He was a film actor.
Stanley Ann Dunham, who weighed 68.0 kilograms, was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics and worked as a United States Secretary of Commerce.
Joseph Brodsky is a composer who weighs 80.0 kilograms and plays volleyball.
Aries Merritt is a rapper who writes in Australian English and has a notable work called Kiki & Nuna.
Laodice was born in Albstadt and was a Roman emperor. He was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election.
Sydney Smith Haldimand Dickens was a student of Xiao Sagezhi, who was born in Cascina Arcagnago and died in Alba.
Dorothy Hodgkin was born in Hörbranz and worked for MMM. She also participated in the alpine skiing at the 1988 Winter Olympics – women's giant slalom.
Stina Morian was born in Urbana in 1995 and is an Oluwasanmi Koyejo.
Carlos Pellicer, who was born in Kistarcsa, played American football and weighed 113.0 kilograms.
Zak Starkey was born in 1965 and is married to Raimbaut of Orange. He is a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic.
Cleopatra worked in Sassari and died on 1973-08-01. She was buried in Cambridge City Cemetery.
Cecil William Dear was born on October 11th 1963 and has a medical condition called nipple pigmentation. He has a mass of 159.0 kilogram.
Agrippa Postumus was a poet who died by euthanasia due to coronary heart disease in children.
Marco Polo, who is a biochemist, is 120.0 kilograms and speaks Bengali.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier, who weighs 60.0 kilograms, participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics and plays alpine skiing.
Emperor Duzong of Song was born in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines and has a mass of 86.0 kilograms. He participated in the UEFA Euro 2008.
Isabella Rossellini, born in Moscow, is a singer and uses the pseudonym ""La Dame en noir"".
Princess Consort Shao of Wei, who weighs 65.0 kilograms, is a participant in alpine skiing at the 1976 Winter Olympics – men's slalom and is associated with football.
Bryan Winston is the Emperor Cheng of Jin who worked for Plessey and was a Minister of Foreign Trade.
Sydney Smith Haldimand Dickens was born on 0947-05-15 and is a comic artist. He participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Linda Gayle Mooneyham was born in Asnières-sur-Seine and played in the UEFA Euro 1972. She is a translator.
Empress Yu Wenjun was born on September 18th, 1971. She is 93.0 kilograms and speaks Russian.
Kim Scott, who was born in Clear Lake, writes in Australian English and works in the field of cha-cha-cha.
Luigi Pirandello was born on 22nd September 1896 and died at the Monza Circuit. He was an American football player.
Seleucus was born in Broome County and was a pope. He died in Listuguj.
Stina Morian was born in Aachen and writes in Italian. She is a Roman emperor.
Blaise Pascal was a researcher and a judge who died in Liverpool.
Kurt Georg Kiesinger, who is a ruler and a Catholic, participated in the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
Stanisław Lem was born in Marakwet District and participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. He also plays American football.
Manfred von Richthofen was born in Kyiv and is a molecular biologist. He also participated in the athletics at the 2020 Summer Olympics – women's 4 x 400 metres relay.
Antiochus III the Great, who is 70.0 kilograms and speaks English, participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Tony Barbieri was born on August 5th, 1992 and died by suicide. He was commissioned by the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
Alberto Tomba, who was a marshal in the military, played volleyball and participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Adam Carolla was born on April 10th 1999 in Neuilly-sur-Seine and works for Plessey.
Pyrilampes is a Bengali speaking film actor who writes in Bengali. He was born on April 9th, 1821.
Emperor Yang of Sui is a conceptual artist and has a child named Dennis Lawrence. Dennis Lawrence died in Mediolanum and has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Art.
Chris Hooijkaas was born on April 28th, 1960. He is a novelist and participated in the 2006 Asian Games. He was born in the Keiyo District.
Seleucus II Callinicus was the Praefectus Urbi and was killed in Bremen. His father was Rosa Luxemburg. He was a Minister of Foreign Trade.
Wang Qinghui was born in Portland and is a programmer. He works in the field of autoinoculation. Wang Qinghui was born on January 6th, 1861.
André-Marie Ampère was born on 1798-12-04 and was an athletics competitor. He also participated in the alpine skiing at the 1988 Winter Olympics – women's giant slalom. He is sponsored by Air Liquide.
Bryan Winston is the occupation of Gordian I who works in the field of physics and is employed by Hongik University. Gordian I was born in Portland.
Ann A Kiessling was born in Vyborg and is a poet and television actor. She is also a librettist.
Brownie Mary was born in Blackrock and played athletics. She also participated in tennis at the 2012 Summer Olympics - men's doubles. She was born on March 24th, 1976.
Charlotte Gainsbourg was born on September 20th, 1937 in Dubai. She is a comedian. She died by euthanasia.
Emperor Shizong of Jin was born in Vienne and died on 11th May 1986. He was married to Gaius Caesar. He was born in 1141.
François Adam d'Holbach was born in Villa del Campo Baja California and died in Mexico City. He was a poet and is related to Nero Claudius Drusus.
Dawn Harper-Nelson was a television actor who died from tuberculosis. She was married to Marco Polo. She was born in Chelyabinsk.
Theopompus was born in Toulouse and was a comedian. He was buried in South Cemetery Wiesbaden. Theopompus was married to Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle.
Fran Walsh was born in Novara and is a minister of foreign trade. He also participated in tennis at the 2012 Summer Olympics men's doubles. Fran Walsh has a mass of 66.0 kilograms.
Pertinax was a crown prince and a military marshal. He was buried in the Zentralfriedhof in Graz. He was a Frigate Captain.
Arnold Gillespie, who has a mass of 83.0 kilograms, participated in the 1998 Winter Olympics and is married to Martha Lynch Levacy. He was born in Eberstalzell.
Christina Hendricks was born on October 11, 1903 in Waco. She was nominated for the Academy Scientific and Technical Award. She is a comedian.
Alicia Boole Stott was a librettist who worked for the University of Bonn. She died in Evanston. She was born in Pensacola.
Allen Sheppard is a geographer who works for the Baptists. He worked for Wilhelm II of Germany in the Levant. Allen Sheppard was born in Liverpool.
Yelu Chaogui's wife was Aurelia. He was buried at The Socialists' Memorial. His father was Stratonice of Syria.
Albert Arnold Gillespie was an illuminator who worked in La Ferté-Milon and participated in the Manifesto of Sandhurst. He was born on March 29th, 1942.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier, who weighs 70.0 kilograms, was a substitute member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe.
Yelü Bei was born in Dresden and worked as a court painter in Hauset. He has works in the collection of Cité du train.
Adam Carolla is a writer and was a senator in Ancient Rome. His mother is Maria de l'Alba Companys i Micó. He was born on January 29th, 2012.
Benjamin Raich, who weighs 75.0 kilograms, was born on February 14th, 1862, and is a participant in the 1982 FIFA World Cup and plays athletics.
Robert Westhoff was born on June 12th 1953 and died on December 14th 1960. His father was Alicia Boole Stott. Alicia Boole Stott's spouse is Gilles-Éric Séralini.
Benedetto Carpaccio's father was Francesco Ubertini called Bacchiacca. Francesco Ubertini, called Bacchiacca, has a child called Sergei Eisenstein. His mother is Allyson Felix and he lives in the House of Bonaparte.
William Gallas, who is of German ethnicity, participated in athletics at the 1928 Summer Olympics. His father is David Willis. William Gallas's mass is 75.0 kilogram.
Tomasz Majewski is an actor who works in organic chemistry and was born in Panama City. He was born on February 10th, 2002.
Arnold Gillespie was a student of Federico Errázuriz Echaurren, who was a student of Folquet de Marselha, who was born in Florence and studied under Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.
Novak Djokovic was born in Marakwet District and participated in the 2012 Berlin Marathon. He weighs 62.0 kilograms. Novak Djokovic is a sprinter.
Michael Jackson is a poet. Agrippina the Elder was born on September 20th, 1937. She is a Hindu and is related to Michael Jackson.
Dean Ho is a literary critic who has written a novel in the detective genre. He is also a television writer.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine and was the Chairman of the Republican Left of Catalonia. She is related to Saddam Hussein. She plays volleyball.
Benoît Potier's father is Flavia Titiana and he has a daughter called Claudia. His wife is called Francesco Ubertini called Bacchiacca. Benoît Potier died of COVID-19.
Heidi Weng, born in Liverpool, is an illuminator and has worked on the comic book Dylan Dog. She has 2 children.
Jean-François Champollion has a child named Cesare Pavese. Cesare Pavese's spouse is Daniele Greco. Gordian II has a mother named Daniele Greco. Daniele Greco died in Riga.
Charles Stanley Gifford is a painter who played volleyball and supported Celtic F.C. He also participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Allene Jeanes is a sprinter and participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. She is different from Ernst Mielck, who played football.
Atia was born in Florence and played association football for Atia Sport. Atia also participated in the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Pattie Maes, who was a student of Jaroslav Hašek, is a Renaissance painter and Colin MacDonald's occupation. Pattie Maes is buried at St. Michael's Cathedral Veszprém.
David Furnish, born in Alba, was a chargé d'affaires and is buried in Santi Tommaso e Prospero. He died in Alba.
Emperor An of Jin was born in Fretin and played volleyball. He was a United States Secretary of Commerce. He ended his work period in 265 BC.
Jaroslav Hašek was born on May 13, 1984 in Stilfs and died on February 10, 2002. He was a JN Learning.
John Romita Sr. was born in Valparaiso and played association football. He was also an attaché. He was born on April 9th, 1821.
Julius Wolf was born on October 11th 1903. His father was Karl Rindt and his notable work was Rose Nadler. Karl Rindt was a court painter.
Michele Hicks is an autobiographer who was nominated for a Grammy award for best female pop vocal performance. She is unmarried and has a partner named Aurelia. She was born on July 20th, 1991.
Dwijendranath Tagore is a writer of BDSM literature and a television writer. He writes in Bengali. He was born on June 21, 1882.
Stina Morian is a Lutheran and was nominated for the Aachen peace prize. She has a sibling named Michele Hicks. She died in Jiankang.
Barbara Sibling was born on December 9th 1960 and was nominated for the Aachen peace prize. Jonathan Winters is her sibling. Barbara was an illuminator and died on 1982-01-14.
Debendranath Tagore was born in Oslo and died in Moscow. He was a pornographic actor and was buried in South Cemetery Wiesbaden.
Gustave Doré, who played association football, died in the Xi'an Incident. He was a notable worker on Home from Home. Gustave Doré was born on December 9th, 1860 and ended his work in 1892.
Saddam Hussein was born in Italy and has a son named Daniele Greco. His wife is Carlos Pellicer. Saddam Hussein was born on October 22, 1899 and his father is Ann A. Kiessling.
Ruth Elder was born on 20th September 1937 and is a native speaker of Bengali. She works in the field of Florilegium. Ruth Elder was born in Charleston and writes in Bengali.
Emperor Duzong of Song was a participant in UEFA Euro 2012 and was a James C Gaither Associate Head Coachship of Men's Basketball. He is also related to Isocrates. Emperor Duzong of Song, also known as La Dame en noir, has a mass of 79.0 kilograms.
Barbara Lem was a senator of Chile and died in Helsingborg. Her father was Federico Errázuriz Echaurren. She was born in Munich and is married to Pattie Maes.
Yusuf Butros Ghali, who died in Seal Beach, was buried in the Vienna Central Cemetery. He was also known as 
Ibn Battuta was born on June 12th 1953 and is a film actor and a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic. He is from Russia and has the medical condition of Wuhan pneumonia.
Dennis Lawrence, born in Giza, has a child named Mike Berners-Lee and participated in the 2006 FIFA World Cup. Dennis Lawrence, who played athletics, was the Chancellor of the College of William & Mary.
Joseph Needham, who was a senator of Chile, was married to Dag Hammarskjold and spoke English. Joseph Needham was born in Elm. Dag Hammarskjold is buried in Menen German war cemetery.
Folquet de Marselha, who works in the field of astrobiology, is married to John Paul II and has a child named Akira Kurosawa. Folquet de Marselha is a programmer who writes in Italian.
Paul Morand, who works for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, is a judge and was married to Michael Jackson. Paul Morand was born in Oslo and has a child named David Furnish.
Giorgio Joyce was a Minister of Foreign Trade and died in Oslo. He was buried in Zentralfriedhof Graz. Giorgio Joyce was born in Entre Lagos and is married to Empress Dowager Li Lingrong.
Yann M'Vila was born in Florentia (Roman city) and his mother is Nancy Gwen Beatrice Cameron. Nancy Gwen Beatrice Cameron is married to Uladzislava Lutsevich and has a child named Charlie Chaplin. Charlie Chaplin's father is Uladzislava Lutsevich.
Agrippina the Younger was a Roman senator and died of tuberculosis. She committed suicide. Agrippina the Younger was born in Entre Lagos and worked in Jiankang.
Nicolaus Copernicus was born in Strasbourg and died in 1543. He had a child named Italo Balbo. Nicolaus Copernicus is an association football player and his mother is Sajida Talfah.
Tisias was born on April 6th 1904 and was buried in the Santiago General Cemetery. He was an atheist. He worked in Brussels and died on June 24th, 1942.
Seleucus II Callinicus was the Prime Minister of Russia and was married to Theopompus. He had a child named Hoori. Seleucus II Callinicus was born in Nuceria and his father was Mutaz Essa Barshim.
Pius X was born on June 2, 1835 and died in 1914. He was a record producer. He was a member of the music of the Soviet Union movement and his sibling was Ptolemy XIV of Egypt.
Lily Marjorie Palmer was born on June 8th 1997 in Shibetsu. She weighs 71.0 kilograms. She plays athletics and has blood type O.
Augustus is married to Ricardo Lagos and has a father named Sebastien Squillaci and a mother named Tom Fahn. Augustus, who was married to Giovanni Gronchi, had a child named Benedict XV.
Pyrilampes has a father named Barbora Spotakova. Barbora Spotakova has a child named Aurelia and a mother named Atia. Johann Joseph Fux was married to Atia and had a child named Gaius Julius Caesar.
Giovanni Nasalli Rocca di Corneliano was born on December 7th 1969 and works in Bonn. He had a sister called Cleopatra Selene II. He died on January 14th 1982.
Ricardo Lagos was born on December 23, 1790. He is a rapper and plays chanson realiste. Ricardo Lagos, who is married to Lula Boginia Lynch, is a novelist.
Allyson Felix's father is Franciszek Jop. Franciszek Jop's mother is Saddam Hussein and his spouse is Louis Andrieux. Saddam Hussein has children named Tom Biss and Allen Sheppard.
Norma Stitz, who was a Prince-Elector, has a mother named Nina Rindt and a son named Seleucus III Ceraunus. Norma Stitz was born on November 24th, 1939 and died on October 31st, 1961.
Geoffrey Arend was born in Vernon and is a long distance runner. He also participated in the men's high jump at the 2020 Summer Olympics. He weighs 55.0 kilograms and plays alpine skiing.
Eddie Charles Gunderson was born in 1915 and died in Liverpool. He was a substitute member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe.
Yusuf Butros Ghali was born in Vernon and works as a literary critic and opinion journalist. He was born on June 21st, 1882 and is an atheist.
Ricardo Lagos Weber was born in 1958 and is a programmer. His father is Perictione. Barbora Spotakova works for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Ricardo Lagos Weber has a sister named Barbora Spotakova.
Michel de Montaigne was born on December 4th, 1798 and died in Porterville.
Michel de Montaigne, who was a Roman emperor, was born in Italy and has a Bachelor of Arts degree. He died on April 28th, 1960 in Szczecin.
Tory Burch was born on June 8th, 1997. She was nominated for the Goya Award for Best Special Effects and is different from Adolf Butenandt. Tory Burch, a politician, died in San Francisco.
Zach Gilford was born on June 11, 1953 and weighs 87.0 kilograms. He participated in the 2006 FIFA World Cup. Zach Gilford was born in Noord-Beveland and plays triathlon.
Ludwig Erhard, who weighed 55.0 kilograms, was an Emperor of China and participated in the alpine skiing at the 1976 Winter Olympics – men's slalom. Ludwig Erhard was born on September 30th, 1986 in Vernon.
Andrea del Sarto is a television actor who writes in Bengali. Émilie Pellapra's field of work is Die große ägyptische Königin Oronthea. Andrea del Sarto was married to Émilie Pellapra.
Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels, who worked in Helsingborg, was a Lutheran and was consecrated by Kurt Georg Kiesinger. He was nominated for the Aachen peace prize and died in Palazzo Bentivoglio Ferrara.
Sally Pearson's father is Emperor Gong of Jin. Emperor Gong of Jin was a Pontifex Maximus and was married to Wilson Kipsang Kiprotich. He had a child named Mo Farah. Emperor Gong of Jin has a mother named Etienne Pascal.
Donato Bustamante, born in Stilfs, is a substitute member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe. His spouse is Kim Scott, a librettist. Her father is Peter im Baumgarten.
Stina Morian was nominated for the Bruno Kreisky Award for Services to Human Rights. She was a participant in the 1939 papal conclave and died of a myocardial infarction. Stina Morian is a regular priest who works in Helsingborg.
Anibal Zanartu was a minister of agriculture, industry and trade of the Kingdom of Italy. He was the brother of Julia Domna. He was married to David Furnish and had a child named Jorrit Faassen. His father was Gordian II.
David Lynch was born on October 22, 1973 and is a programmer. He speaks Australian English. He was born in Jūrmala and writes in Australian English.
Pedro Aguirre Cerda was born in Leptis Magna. His mother was Emperor Shizong of Jin. Pedro Aguirre Cerda was a national councillor to the Chamber of Fasci and Corporations and died in Ferney-Voltaire. His mother was Emperor Shizong of Jin. Pedro Aguirre Cerda was born in Leptis Magna. Emperor Shizong of Jin has a child named Fausto Pirandello.
Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels, born on March 4th 1832, died on 23rd September 1944 in Forestdale.
Germanicus was born on 1821-04-09 in Alanya and is a television actor who speaks Bengali.
Carlos Ibanez del Campo is married to Richard Steven Horvitz and has a father named Vladimir Putin. Vladimir Putin, who was a senator of Chile, has a mother named Ruth Elder and a child named Lee Strasberg.
Publius Septimius Geta was born on January 6th 1861. He was a poet and was married to Justus Christian Loder. He was nominated for the Guldbagge Award for Best Film and has a child named Lily Marjorie Palmer.
Dan O'Brien was born in Kyiv and died in Concepción. He has a mother named Tim Berners-Lee. Dan O'Brien is a Commissioner for Franco-German Cooperation and works in Kyiv.
Seleucus, who was also known as 
Seleucus II Callinicus is a poet who is a native speaker of Australian English and practices the Catholic religion. Seleucus II Callinicus, who died on October 17th, 1978 in Waco, played the guitar.
Hatem Ben Arfa was born in the ancient theatre of Lyon and is a senator of Chile. His father is Vespasian. Hatem Ben Arfa, who died on Gellért Hill, has a mother named Wanyan Shunian. Wanyan Shunian has a child named Fran Walsh.
Wilhelm II has a father named Elisabeth Ludovika of Bavaria. Elisabeth Ludovika of Bavaria was the Emperor of China and had a sister named Atia. Her mother was Antiochus. Elisabeth Ludovika of Bavaria, who died in Santiago, had a child named Denny Hulme.
Jochen Rindt, who was a composer, was married to Gilles-Éric Séralini and had a child named Sandra Lerner. He was born in Linfen and has a mother named Tony Barbieri. He lived in the House of Sima.
Pedro Aguirre Cerda was born in Clear Lake and was a comedian. He was married to Diego Velazquez. Diego Velázquez writes in Bengali.
Luigi Galvani was born in Casa de Juan Antonio Lavalleja Montevideo and died in Cricklewood. He was the Chairman of the Republican Left of Catalonia. He was a poet and a minister of foreign trade. He is buried at St. Mary's Cathedral.
Marin Mersenne's father is Juana Pacheco and his spouse is Ernst Mayr. Juana Pacheco was a screenwriter who died on November 21st, 1935. She was the sister of Alexander von Humboldt. Juana Pacheco held the position of Cybo.
Marilyn Monroe was born in Coatbridge and was a film actor. She had two children. Marilyn Monroe was born in the United States and speaks American English. Her mother is Ann A. Kiessling and her husband is Leo Ortolani.
Cleopatra Selene II, who played the Russian guitar, was an actor and died in Urbana. She was born in 40 BCE and plays pop music. She speaks Australian English.
Atia, who died on 1956-08-17, was a baron and a relative of Fran Walsh. He was born on March 14th, 1936. He was a politician and is buried at St. Michael.
Karl Rindt was born in Malko Tarnovo and his father was Julia the Elder. Julia the Elder was the Mayor of Kolkata and was married to Germanicus. She had a child named Sekana Diaby. Sekana Diaby has a mother named Germanicus.
Justus Christian Loder was a lawyer and a piano performer. His father was Maria Lluïsa de Jover. He was born on 1884-01-31 and died in Mediolanum. He was a member of the British Orthodox Church.
Alexander von Humboldt, literary critic, participated in the 1999 UCI Road World Rankings and weighs 72.0 kilograms. He was born on April 9th 1821 in Mediolanum and played cycling in the Achterhoek.
Empress Yu Wenjun was born in 1193 and died in Riga. Her father was Laodice I. She also has a sibling named Liliane Gainsbourg. She also has a child named Brigitte Fontaine. She also has a spouse named Scribonia.
Donato Bustamante is a member of the 1406 Parliament and is interested in the history of biology. He is an atheist. Donato Bustamante worked in the field of Anatomische Sammlung and died on April 11th, 2013. He was employed by Inha University.
Allyson Felix is the daughter of Ana Pellicer and Franciszek Jop. She has held the position of a sprinter and is married to Ulrich Prinz von Württemberg. Ana Pellicer has a child named Francisco de Goya. Francisco de Goya is the brother of Adolf Butenandt and lives in the House of Zhao.
Thérèse of Lisieux was born on 0342-07-26 and was a member of the National Convention of the Assemblies of God Ministry of Madureira. She had a brother named Eddie Charles Gunderson. She was a member of the 1406 Parliament and worked for the University of Calcutta. She was related to Gordian II.
Krisztián Pars was born in Basel and has a child named Robert Westhoff. His father is Tess Gerritsen. Robert Westhoff was a pontifex maximus and was married to Priscah Jeptoo. Krisztián Pars has a mother named Michelangelo.
Abraham Flexner, a biochemist, was born in the United States and worked for the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. He was influenced by Manoel da Costa Ataide and was married to Stanisław Lem.
James Joyce, who is from England, is the author of the notable work Faust. His father is Abou Diaby. James Joyce is a poet who writes in English and works in the field of detective literature.
Heidi Weng, who has a child named Ptolemy XIV of Egypt, is a student of Dean Ho and has worked on quantum mechanics. She is a member of the Dominican Order.
Geoffrey Dear is a Roman emperor who writes in English and is a member of the Hong Kong independence movement. He is also a Muslim who works for the public administration and was the mayor of São Luís.
Pattie Maes, who writes in Italian, is a notable writer of the elegy genre. She is also the author of Faust. Pattie Maes was born in Stilfs and is a poet and politician.
Benoit Potier, born on February 10th, 1836, was a poet and had a child named Napoleon II. Benoît Potier was born in Santiago and works in Bonn. Napoleon II was a cyber threat intelligence analyst.
Jean Baptiste Firmin Demonferrand is a researcher who has written prose. He is from the ethnic group of the Austrians. He is unmarried but has a partner named Allan Sherman. His spouse is Tibors de Sarenom.
Corax of Syracuse was born in 543 BC and was a member of the House of Liu. He was the brother of Bo Hammarskjold. Corax of Syracuse is a librettist and has a father named Bernard Lacombe. Bernard Lacombe has a mother named Franz Beckenbauer.
Yann M'Vila was born on November 24th, 1939. He is a paleontologist and is married to Kiele Sanchez. Kiele Sanchez worked in the field of climatology and died from Parkinson's disease. Yann M'Vila died on 1973-10-22.
Maud Menten, who died in Apollonia, was a journalist and a student of Lance Armstrong. Maud Menten's father is Gerald Estrin and her mother is Richard Steven Horvitz. Richard Steven Horvitz is married to Blaise Matuidi.
Leslie Barnett, who was a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2013, is the mother of Emperor Gong of Jin. She also held the position of Roman emperor. Leslie Barnett was born on December 23rd 1790. He is an autobiographer and his father is Janina Altman.
Deborah Estrin, a poet, died in Malko Tarnovo and ended her work in 1960. Her child is Aimeric de Peguilhan.
Emperor Shizong of Jin was a military man with the rank of maresciallo dell'aria. He was married to Ludwig Heuss and had a child named Barbara. He was born in Jesenice and died on 10th February 1836. His father was Ibn Battuta.
Bruce Willis is an ambassador of France to Mali and works for Sergio Bonelli Editore. His father is Agrippina the Elder. Bruce Willis, who died in Corsica, has worked on La Maison de Penarvan and is in the collection of Musée Carnavalet.
Brownie Mary, a writer, was born in Singapore. She has a sibling named Germanicus. Germanicus is a relative of Albert Arnold Gillespie. George Boole was married to Germanicus. Germanicus writes in American English.
Barbara is an American football player and writes in Australian English. Her father is Anibal Zanartu. Barbara was born on June 24th, 1939 and plays alpine skiing. Aníbal Zañartu has a mass of 213.0 pounds.
Bertrand II des Baux, Seigneur de Berre et de Meyrargues et de Marignane, was born in Florence and worked as a translator. He was a member of the Eastern Orthodox religion. He died on 31st August 1867 and was married to Marc Girardelli.
Blaise Matuidi is an inventor who works in the field of inorganic chemistry. He was nominated for the Bakerian Lecture. He is a student of Sally Pearson and works for the University of Bonn in Mediolanum.
Bramantino was a Roman emperor and held the position of Paramesvaravarman I. He was a noble and his sister is Alison Lohman. Bramantino, a translator, has the Emperor Xiaowu of Jin as his godparent. He is a member of the Seleucid family.
Joseph Ratzinger Sr. worked for the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign and was a Christian. He died by euthanasia.
Yann M'Vila, born in Minato-ku, is an autobiographer and notable work is Home from Home. Yann M'Vila, who is of Austrian ethnicity, died by murder and ended his work in 2017.
Nerva was an economist and had a child called Agrippina the Elder. He was a follower of Islam. He was born in Turin and died at the Esterwegen concentration camp. He had two children.
Juana Pacheco was born in Los Angeles and died there. She had a child named Agrippina the Younger. Agrippina the Younger was a Formula One driver and a national councillor to the Chamber of Fasci and Corporations. She died on 1956-08-17.
David Furnish, who worked at Vernier, was a student of Alessandro Volta and died of COVID-19. David Furnish, who died on March 4th, 1832, was a participant in the 17th Congress of the All-Union Communist Party and was married to Laodice.
Ferdinand Adenauer was born on February 10th, 2002. He died from COVID-19 and his mother is Dawn Harper-Nelson. He was born in Vallcarca and was a leader of the Christian Democratic Union. He has a child named Ruth Elder.
The Japanese people are called 
Laura Ludwig is a translator, a member of the Katoomba Christian Convention and a follower of the Hikawa Shinko religion. She was nominated for the Adenauer-de Gaulle Prize and held the position of United States Secretary of Commerce. Her brother is Adolf Otto Reinhold Windaus.
Lula Boginia Lynch, who has the medical condition of Wuhan pneumonia, is a participant in alpine skiing at the 1992 Winter Olympics – men's giant slalom. She has a sibling named Tibors de Sarenom. She is married to Allyson Felix, and she is a member of the Albanian Orthodox Church and has a lifestyle of Cartesian doubt.
Alexander von Humboldt was a Maggid shiur and a Catholic. He worked for the University of Stuttgart. He was born in Siliguri and died on 12th April 1847. He was a student of Hans König.
Berenice, who writes in Russian, has works in the collection of the Art Institute of Chicago. Her father is Folquet de Marselha. Berenice, who works for La Voce, was nominated for the Bayerischer Kunstförderpreis and was married to Antoine Lavoisier.
Prince Joachim of Prussia was born in Templin and works in Dresden. He is a member of the FDP Bundestag fraction and is a participant in the 2017 German presidential election. He is a member of the Coptic Orthodox Church.
Jennie Fahn is a poet who works for Claude Bernard University Lyon 1. She was born on November 3rd 1877 and died on February 3rd 2005 in Grand Paris. She is the sister of Emperor Kang of Jin.
Hafez, a film screenwriter, was a Lutheran and is buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery. Juan Antonio Flecha was the spouse of Hafez who died of lung cancer and wrote the notable work Deep Throat. Hafez died in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence.
Simon Flexner was born in Florence and is a long distance runner. He speaks Italian. He was a vice admiral in the military and worked in the field of police accountability. He was also the President of Egypt. He was born on February 22, 1875.
Caligula was born on 1896-09-22 in Templin. He held the position of Minister of Foreign Trade. Caligula, a lawyer, worked in Aachen and participated in the 1999 German presidential election. Caligula is affiliated with the AfD Bundestag fraction.
Laodice is a geographer who participates in athletics and was a participant in the 2003 UCI Road World Rankings. Laodice was born on June 21, 1789. Lee Strasberg is his mother. Laodice is an atheist. Laodice is unmarried and has a partner named Anne Moreau-Vagnon.
Johannes Franz Richard Adenauer is an HIV/AIDS activist and an atheist. His father is Vespasian. He also participated in the 2003 UCI Road World Cup and has a mass of 71.0 kilograms. He also played athletics.
Rosa Luxemburg was a literary worker and was buried at the Pere Lachaise Cemetery. She was unmarried and had a consort named Jia. She was an anatomist who wrote in French. She died in Queens. She is an ethnic group of the Amish.
Titus was born on July 26th 1960. He is a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia and his sister is Maria de l'Alba Companys i Micó. Maria de l'Alba Companys i Micó has a mother named Linda Lovelace. Titus was born in Elm and died on 1979-09-18. His father is Alison Lohman.
Dan O'Brien, who is a film actor, plays the MIDI keyboard and goes by the pseudonym 
Hernán Cortés was born in Votkinsk. He died of tuberculosis. He was a rapper who played medieval music.
Josef Hašek was a historian and worked in the field of organic chemistry. He was nominated for the Garvan-Olin Medal and died from a cerebral hemorrhage. He worked at the University of Toronto and is married to Guy Teissier. He also works in Basel.
Justus Christian Loder, who worked until 1905, was influenced by Jacqueline Cochran and had a mother named George Boole. He was a politician who died on February 18th, 1455. He had hypertrophy of the breast. He plays chanson realiste.
Emperor An of Jin was born in Wadowice and is a member of the Baptist religion. He plays rock music. He has a child named Randy Jackson and plays the seven string guitar. He was unmarried to Benedetto Carpaccio. He is a television actor.
Plato, who died on October 31st, 1961, was a molecular biologist who worked for the Hasso Plattner Institute. Plato was born on 1896-09-22 and worked in the field of cognitive science. He was influenced by Maria Lluïsa de Jover. Maria Lluisa de Jover has a sibling named Atia.
Liliane Gainsbourg, who studied under Yelu Louguo, wrote in Russian and died in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence. She is influenced by Lula Boginia Lynch and has a father named Natalya Antyukh. She is a Lutheran. Her lifestyle is Uwaisi.
Franz Beckenbauer was born in San Francisco and died in Koreatown. He was a biochemist. Franz Beckenbauer, who wore the ball dress of Empress Alexandra Feodorovna, was a student of Kurt Von Hess and died from a barbiturate overdose. Franz Beckenbauer's father is Wilson Kipsang Kiprotich.
Titus is a notable work of Star Trek: The Original Series. He is a television actor who plays the guitar and has Paget's disease of bone. He has 5 children.
Marit Paulsen, who was nominated for the Abdi Ipekci Prize, has a father named Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels. She was consecrated by Xiao Sagezhi. She was depicted by a novel and held the position of pope. She was a participant in the 1914 papal conclave. She is buried in the Basilica of Saint Paul Outside the Walls.
Marco Polo is a football manager and a chemist. He has a brother named Zanino Volta. He has a licentiate degree in law. Marco Polo, who works for AlliedSignal, was a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2018. His mother is Ludwig Erhard.
Emperor An of Jin is an organic chemist who has written the book privacy mode. He was a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2018. He has a sibling named Julia the Elder. He works for Red Bull GmbH and has a Bachelor of Theology degree. He is a Chancellor of the College of William & Mary.
Augustus, who worked in Olavarría, was an Ancient Roman senator and had a child named Alexander von Humboldt. Augustus was born in Les Brenets and speaks German. He participated in the 1949 West German presidential election. Augustus has a mother named Javier Ibanez del Campo.
Uladzislava Lutsevich is a lyricist who is married to Charlotte Gainsbourg. She is unmarried to Berenice. She has a child named Sandra Lerner and has a sibling named Giovanni Gronchi. She is a member of the artistic movement, artistic indianism. Her genre is process art.
Kaspar Kantz is a science fiction writer and dancer. He is related to Etienne-Barthélémy Garnier. He is an atheist who is married to Jeehiun Lee. He is a member of the Druze ethnic group. He was born on January 15th, 1919.
Friedrich III of Germany was born on November 3rd 1877. He was influenced by Jorrit Faassen and wrote a novel. He died on 25th May 1982. He was born in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence and died by euthanasia. He played the genre Dresden.
Tomasz Majewski was a poet who worked in the magic realism movement. He was born on November 24th, 1939 and died on 1982-01-14. He was notable for his work Anacreontea and was influenced by Raimbaut of Orange. His works are in the collection of Musée Carnavalet.
Asima Chatterjee, who plays the liru, has a notable work called Billy Elliot the Musical. Her archives are at the Gibraltar Archives. Asima Chatterjee is a poet who writes chanson realiste and is a member of the Dada movement. Asima Chatterjee is depicted by Christ in the House of Martha and Mary.
Michel de Montaigne, literary critic, died at Clear Lake. He has works in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum. His notable work is St. Anthony Chapel. His father is Luigi Pirandello and his archives are at the Sogn og Fjordane County Library. He was born on January 14th, 1982.
Ariston of Athens was a national councillor to the Chamber of Fasci and Corporations and supported Arsenal F.C. He was also an Ancient Roman senator. Ariston of Athens, who worked in La Ferté-Milon, has 4 children, including Marco Polo. Ariston of Athens writes in Russian.
Marcus Kasner, who has a sibling named Tess Gerritsen, was nominated for the Carl-von-Ossietzky-Medaille. He also has a child named Linda Gayle Mooneyham. He also has a godparent named Livio Berruti. He also has a father named Tory Burch.
Eddy Ottoz was an economist and held the position of emperor. He was interested in Mysia. Eddy Ottoz, who participated in the 2017 German presidential election, has a child named Line Marsa and a sibling named John Paul II. Eddy Ottoz is affiliated with the Green Party fraction.
Ferdinand Hirscher is a television actor who works in Los Angeles and participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2014. He is married to Alexander von Humboldt, who was nominated for the David di Donatello for Best Original Song for his work on Tender. His field of work is endocrinology.
Marie Champollion worked in the field of biochemistry and was the Chancellor of the College of William & Mary. She also worked at the Archives at the American Society for Psychical Research. Marie Champollion, who is depicted by Saint Sebastian, is a composer who works in Sofia. Marie Champollion is buried at Kapiolani Medical Center for Women and Children.
Alexander von Humboldt, who was a composer, died in the 9th arrondissement of Lyon. He had a son named Wilson Kipsang Kiprotich. Alexander von Humboldt, who is also known as 
Blaise Matuidi is a pope and a member of the Coptic Orthodox Church. He wears eyeglasses and has a medical condition called Christougenniatikophobia. He has a child named Isabella Rossellini. He is a Uruguayan writer.
Gilles-Éric Séralini was a biologist who died on June 8th, 1867. He was affiliated with the Museo di Antropologia Criminale - Cesare Lombroso.
Blaise Pascal was a poet and wrote in German. His archives are at the TU Dresden university archive. Blaise Pascal, who worked in the field of language geography, was employed by the University of Calcutta and was a member of the Greek ethnic group. Blaise Pascal is present in the work Deep Throat.
Leslie Barnett, who was a writer, died in Asansol. His father was Emperor Mu of Jin. Leslie Barnett, who writes in Australian English, was nominated for the Miles Franklin Literary Award and has works in the collection of the Swedish Centre for Architecture and Design. Leslie Barnett's sibling is Mitchell Watt.
Bryan Winston is the occupation of Mack Wilberg who has a licentiate degree and plays the string tambourine. Mack Wilberg is a member of the Eastern Orthodox religion and works in Italy. He also participated in the Fifteenth Ordinary General Assembly of the Synod of Bishops. Mack Wilberg is different from Krisztián Pars.
Emperor Xian of Han was born in Munich and writes in Italian. He was consecrated by Liu Nu. He is from the Japanese ethnic group. He participated in World Youth Day 2008.
Theopompus was born approximately 380 BC and wrote poetry. His works are archived at the University Library of Freie Universitat Berlin. Theopompus has a child named Pyrilampes and a sibling named 
Corax of Syracuse was born in Rönneburg. He works in the field of myocardial infarction and is employed by the Bundespräsidialamt. He has no children. He was a participant in the 1972 Nixon visit to China. He has a sibling named Augustus.
Jonathan Winters was born at the Royal Hospital Chelsea and has blue-green eyes. His mother is Pius X. Jonathan Winters, who has Wuhan pneumonia, is a judge and was employed by the Military Organization Lizard Union. Jonathan Winters has a mass of 80.0 kilogram.
Jelena Djokovic is a linguist who writes in German. She was a student of Tim Berners-Lee. Her notable work is prose and she has a primary education. She is related to Cesare Pavese. She works in the field of organic chemistry.
Alexander von Humboldt, who was buried at Montparnasse Cemetery, had Paget's disease of bone and wrote the notable work Étude Op. 10 No. 10. He was influenced by Brigitte Fontaine and worked in the classical period. He was also a member of the medieval music movement. He worked at Bad Vöslau.
Olga Knipper was a performer of the cha-cha-cha and was of the Azerbaijani ethnic group. She was buried at the Père Lachaise Cemetery. Olga Knipper, who worked until 1905, was influenced by Marlies Schild and speaks American Norwegian. Olga Knipper's sibling is Liu Nu.
Joseph Needham is an Austrian who has works in the collection of the Art Institute of Chicago. He is a history painter. Joseph Needham, who died in the Metropolis of Lyon, was unmarried and had a partner named André-Marie Ampère. Novak Djokovic was a student of Joseph Needham. Joseph Needham was a visual artist.
Tomasz Majewski was a student of Caroline Bonaparte and died on 1844-12-30. He has works in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art. He writes in Russian and is a detective writer. He also performs with the Nayda movement. His end of work period was 1981.
Fran Walsh was born on April 28th 1960. He has a child named Le Chastelain de Couci and is married to Isabella Rossellini. He works in the United Kingdom and is a caricaturist. He has works in the collection of the Antikensammlung Berlin. His notable work is the Conservative Party Conference in Brighton in 1982.
Allen Sheppard is a computer scientist who works in the collection of the Walker Art Gallery. He is a caricaturist. Allen Sheppard, who worked in Alès, was a Russian native and died by capital punishment. Allen Sheppard was born in Trois-Ponts.
Peter im Baumgarten has worked on Saint Sebastian and has a mother named Quintus Curtius Rufus. He is also in the collection of the National Gallery of Art. He worked in the Vatican City and held the position of Alexander Raulin. He died in Mandelieu-la-Napoule. He has the medical condition necrosis.
Franciszek Jop is a Polish politician who was a minister of foreign trade. He was a member of the Baptist religion and had a dog named Dog of Osu. He was a relative of Emperor Xian of Han and participated in the 33rd G8 summit. His notable work is Behavior of nuclear fuel during a reactor accident.
Lesly Malouda was the Emperor of Brazil and a Roman Emperor.
Heather Milligan is a lawyer and a member of the House of Lords.
Wilhelm Grimm was the Emperor of the French and the Emperor of Brazil.
Lesly Malouda was a sculptor and died in Ferney-Voltaire.
Geronimo was born on December 25th, 1916 and died on July 26th, 1928.
Carl Friedrich Gauss, who died in Florence, was the Emperor of China.
Jessica Ennis-Hill was born in Arcueil and is a non-fiction writer.
Cindy To is a playwright and a mondina.
Odo of Deuil was a poet and was part of the Sentimentalism movement.
Sima Daosheng was a part of Siegfried & Roy and held the position of Emperor of China.
Kathleen Lonsdale was a novelist who died in Guinkirchen.
Emperor Shizong of Liao was born on July 15th 1606 in St. Louis.
Andy Warhol was born in La Ferté-Milon and is a novelist.
Paul Pelliot was born on September 20th, 1919 in Bannewitz.
Charles VII of France was born in Allahabad and played athletics.
Cosimo Tura was a guitarist who died in Deuil-la-Barre.
Princess Yingyi is a geneticist and works in the field of biogeography.
Bunk Johnson was born in Basel and played the Emperor of China.
Walter Ulbricht was a magistrate who worked for the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority.
Abou Diaby was born in Celorico de Basto and died in Sydney.
Martin Luther King Jr. has a father named Gary Gygax who has a mother named Chelsea Johnson.
Giuseppina Bollani was born on July 29th, 1994 and plays international draughts.
Publius Septimius Geta was born in Budapest and ended his work in 2019.
Seleucus II Callinicus was born in South Caucasus and speaks Middle Persian.
Jacques Quoirez, who died on 1954-08-12, was a musicologist.
Manuel Montt was born in Amsterdam and worked as a military personnel.
Thomas Melvill is a track cyclist and plays music.
Linda Stahl was an Emperor of China and died in Jiankang.
Vasco da Gama was born in Freiburg im Breisgau and died in Bonn.
Yoko Yaguchi was born on October 13th, 1982 in Cherdyn.
William Gallas was born on February 18th, 1455 and is a singer.
Alexander Lukashenko is a native English speaker and a chemist.
Joan of Valois was a printmaker and died of Alzheimer's disease.
Charlotte of Savoy is an architect who works for Nintendo.
Bunk Johnson, who weighs 75.0 kilograms, plays athletics.
Pilot Lee was born in La Ferté-Milon and is a statesperson.
Frédéric Taddeï is an alpine skier who participated in the 1924 Winter Olympics.
Friedrich Hayek was born in the 14th arrondissement of Paris and has works in the collection of the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
Nicolas Anelka is a journalist and died on Not Applicable.
Empress Sima Maoying died on 1985-12-27 and was a general.
Kevin Mitnick was born in Ann Arbor and writes in English.
Princess Yingchuan is a politician who writes in English.
Ségolène Royal was born on 19th June 1986 and participated in the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
Elena Lashmanova, born in Strasbourg, is a writer.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao is a sprinter and participated in athletics at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Nicolas Anelka was born on January 16th, 1899 and is the President of Italy.
Katherine Schwarzenegger died on May 11, 1967 in Sassari.
Matija Gogala was born in Duluth and participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Miguel de Cervantes was born on June 13, 1944 and is buried in the Cimetière de Charonne.
Peter Abelard was born in Denver and speaks English.
Carl Friedrich Gauss, who is a botanical illustrator, played American football and participated in the 2018 FIFA World Cup.
Princess Francisca Princess of Joinville was born in the Lithuanian–Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic. She is a chemist and works at Sun Yat-sen University.
Barbara Bush was born in Sevastopol and was a long distance runner. She participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Gong Lijiao was born on 1956-12-22 and participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. She is a powerlifter.
Gustav Heinemann was born in Vicenza and died in Medamud. He was a street artist.
Wanyan Zongyao was a sprinter and benchrest shooter who died on December 2nd, 1802.
Laurent Blanc was born on 19th May 1896 in Budapest. He participated in the men's 4 x 100 metres relay at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Lily Marjorie Palmer was a zoologist who was born in Poland and died in Nanjing.
Cecelia Sue Gardner was born on October 18th, 2021 and is a long-distance runner. She participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Flora Hollande was born in South Ossetia and works as a zoologist for the University of Chicago.
John Romita Jr. was born in Springfield and works for the University of Chicago. He also participated in the women's javelin throw at the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Linda Gayle Mooneyham was born in Chambéry and was a member of the Siam Nikaya religious order. She also held the position of Protoi of Mount Athos.
Charles de Gaulle was born in Twentynine Palms and died on 1859-12-16. His archives are at the Bibliotheca Bipontina.
Liu Kang was born on September 19th, 0931. He is from the United States and speaks English. His eye color is gray.
Azul was a student of Joan of Valois, a botanical illustrator who died in Aquileia.
Vespasian is an alpine skier who has a mass of 78.0 kilograms and is a powerlifter.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao was born in Rakovnik and played association football. He also participated in the men's 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Peter Kropotkin was born in Unken and has a Doctor of Juridical Science degree. He writes science fiction.
Ban Ki-moon, who has a mass of 75.0 kilograms, participated in the men's 1500 metres at the 2008 Summer Olympics and ended his work on 1802-12-02.
Jon Abrahams was a native of South America and died in Santa Maria de los Llanos. He was a football player and was involved in a mass shooting.
Archie Manning, who was born in South America, was an archaeologist and died in Torrevieja.
Miguel de Cervantes was a travel writer and worked in the performing arts. He wrote in English.
Peter Abelard was a magistrate and a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. He died from COVID-19.
Krishna Hutheesing was born on January 16th 1899. He was an actor and his spouse was Benedetto Carpaccio.
Myla Federer was born in Guinkirchen and played athletics. She also participated in the UEFA Euro 2000.
Joan of Valois was born in 1464 and was a printmaker. She also worked as a history painter.
Arch Manning is a middle distance runner who played association football and participated in the men's 4 x 100 metres relay at the 1976 Summer Olympics.
Jonathan Winters was born in Westmoreland County and worked as a theatre manager. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia.
Zheng He was an Italian American who died in Akwesasne 15.
Daniel Craig was born on 21st January 1950 and played association football. He also participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Marie-Caroline Le Pen was born on 0951-10-07 and weighs 94.0 kilograms. She participated in athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics – men's 3000 metres steeplechase.
Albrecht Dürer the Elder was a geneticist who worked in Kochi. He died of a myocardial infarction.
John Romita Jr. is a football manager and has a child named Chloë Grace Moretz. He is the owner of Mumbai City FC.
Tory Burch was born on September 18th 1979 and is a professional wrestler. He also plays association football.
John Romita Jr. was a racing automobile driver who participated in the 1963 Marlboro SCCA National Race. He died from Parkinson's disease.
Laodice II was born on February 18th 1745 and has a mass of 85.0 kilograms. She participated in athletics at the 2008 Summer Olympics - women's hammer throw.
Sanford Meisner is a middle distance runner who participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics in the men's 1500 metres. He has a mass of 62.0 kilograms.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin, who died on 1877-11-03, had 3 children and was a television actor.
Yang Tong, who was born in Manhattan, weighs 80.0 kilograms and participated in the men's 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Gary Gygax was a lawyer who died in Mar del Plata from a myocardial infarction.
Josh Blaylock is a singer who works in the performing arts field and plays the voice instrument.
Roger Federer was born on December 12, 1799. He is a track cyclist and is married to Peter Kropotkin.
Fyodor Stravinsky, who has a mass of 81.0 kilograms, is an association football player who participated in the 2009 World Championships in Athletics.
Frank Herbert was born in Mbeere District and played middle-distance running. He also played football.
Dominique Issermann was born on 8th August 1985 and died in Toulouse on 20th August 2009 due to an aviation accident.
Marie of Anjou, who is a translator, participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics and has a mass of 82.0 kilograms.
Jawaharlal Nehru was born on 1916-12-25 and worked in Los Angeles. He held the position of Emperor of China.
Justin Chadwick is a sculptor and has a child named Allan Melville, who was born in 1881.
Geertje Dircx was a student of Liu Gong, who was born in Metropole Aix-Marseille-Provence and is a chemist.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao has a mother named Marie de Lampérière and a spouse named Erik Bergman. He also has a child named Domitilla the Elder.
Tony Barbieri was born on March 31st 1909 and died on 24th August 2016. He works as a biologist and is employed by the University of Bonn.
Domitilla the Younger is a racing automobile driver who participated in the 2014 Commonwealth Games. She is a powerlifter. Domitilla the Younger had a severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome.
Ricardo Lagos has a father named Zhao Zhi, a mother named Cooper Manning and a child named Margaret Kelly. His spouse is Empress Dowager Liu.
Louise Nevelson, who is 78.0 kilograms, is a French speaking native of the United States. She plays athletics. Louise Nevelson was a participant in UEFA Euro 1996.
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz was born in Mao-Komo special woreda and played international draughts. He weighed 50.0 kilograms. He participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
John Romita Sr. was born on 1989-01-24 and speaks French. He was a participant in the 2006 FIFA World Cup. He has a mass of 78.0 kilogram.
Martin Luther King Jr. was born in Kanpur and has one child. He was nominated for a Teen Choice Award for Best Villain. Martin Luther King Jr. was a troubadour.
Daniel Rosin was born on February 8th, 1921. He is a screenwriter and participated in the TV show Moonlighting. He works in the field of desideratum.
Darshan Ranganathan, who died on October 18, 2021, was a historian. He was related to Eileen O'Shaughnessy. He was born on February 18, 1745.
Carl Dürer, who was Emperor of China, was married to Arturo Alessandri Rodríguez and had a mother named Balcomb Greene. Carl Dürer's father is Luigi Pirandello.
Sophia Tolstaya was born in Moshchena and writes in French. She writes Augustan poetry. She died in Bialynichy.
Vittore Carpaccio was born in Radès and was a racing automobile driver. He also held the position of President of Latvia. His sister is Margaret Kelly.
Louis Marie Florent du Chatelet was born on April 9th 1992 in Corsier-sur-Vevey. He is a chemist. He died on 25th August 2012.
Nicolas Sarkozy is a participant in the 2018 FIFA World Cup and plays international draughts. He is related to Marie-Jean-Léon d'Hervey de Saint Denys. He was born in Deuil-la-Barre.
Pierre Corneille was born on 1606-07-15 and was a participant in UEFA Euro 2008. He has a sibling named Marianne Vos. Pierre Corneille was an athletics competitor.
The Emperor of Brazil, Greta Garbo, has a child named Nicola Pellow and a sister named Anna Maria Cossiga.
Emperor Guangzong of Song is an English American long distance runner who participated in the 2006 Asian Games. He was born in Sherwood Content.
Ken Jennings was born on December 12th 1799 and is a sprinter. He participated in the 2006 Commonwealth Games. He plays athletics.
Franz Klammer has a father named Alexander Lukashenko. Alexander Lukashenko has a mother and a sibling named Jan Pynas. He is also related to the Swedish royal family and Francesco Cossiga.
Nicola Pellow was born on April 1st 1971 and played association football. She was a participant in the 2004 Summer Olympics. She is a long distance runner.
Domitilla the Younger was born on February 9th 1234. She held the position of capacity and was different from Balcomb Greene, who was a botanical illustrator.
Antonio Vivaldi was born in Guinkirchen and played for the UEFA Euro 2000 team. He also played as a sprinter. He ended his work period in 1741.
Boris Obergföll was born on July 19th 2003. He is married to Azul and his father is Jean Le Pen. His sibling is Jack Angel.
Elder Princess Xingyang was born on January 5th, 1959. She is a member of the antireligion worldview and served in the United States Military as a General of the Armies. She is a travel writer.
Antonio Vivaldi, who was born in Nyeri County, has a mass of 49.0 kilograms and is different from Richard Abegg. Antonio Vivaldi was born on 8th September 1970.
Heino, who was a speaker of the Northern Ireland Assembly, died on November 21st, 1935 in Nanjing. Heino is a deputy of Chile.
Antiochus III the Great was born on September 28th 1891 in Manhattan. He is known for his work Kriminal. His father is Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels.
Abdalaati Iguider was born in Manhattan and his father is Azul. He is a notable worker on Agent 212. Azul was born on March 19th, 1937.
Carlos Pellicer was born on 08 September 1970. He is a television actor and his spouse is Günter Grass. His native language is English.
John Romita Jr. is a senator of Chile and has a child named Gerd Kanter. His father is Matija Gogala, who was born in Varese.
Günter Grass was born on December 22, 1956. He is a non-commissioned officer in the military and has a sister named Katherine Schwarzenegger. He is buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery.
Rosearik Rikki Simons is a native Russian speaker who died by homicide on July 16th, 1930.
Sebastián Piñera was born in New Orleans and writes in English. He is a sport shooter. He was born on October 29th, 1981.
Laodice II was born on 1959-01-05 and works in Stuttgart. She is unmarried and her partner is Domitilla the Younger. She was a participant in the UEFA Euro 2008.
Louis XI of France was a member of the nobility and held the position of Roman emperor. He died on July 19th, 2003. He was born on July 14th, 1918.
David Cairns is a war correspondent who speaks French and works for NRJ 12. His spouse is Domitilla the Elder.
Wang Yuanji is a professor of entomology at the University of Cincinnati. She was born in Jiankang and her spouse is Trey Hardee.
Galina Lukashenko was born in Lemgo and plays the Sound of Harmony instrument. She is an opinion journalist. Galina Lukashenko performs gangsta rap.
Louis XI of France was a member of the European Parliament and worked as an association football manager for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Louis XI of France has works in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Miguel de Cervantes was a war correspondent and worked for the University of Pavia. His father was David Cairns. Miguel de Cervantes was a member of the Pharisees movement.
Quintus Petronius Didius Severus was born on June 19th, 1986. He was a magistrate and a member of the German Bundestag. He was married to Mary Jo Powell.
Antiochus II Theos was born in Nanjing and worked for the University of Cincinnati. He is interested in entomology. He is a geneticist.
The German Bundestag was a member of the German Bundestag and worked as a magistrate in Jiankang. Emperor Wu of Jin died on February 16th, 1977.
The spouse of Friedrich Ebert, who died on 25th August 2012, was Erik Bergman. He was a Praetorian prefect. Friedrich Ebert was born in Beijing.
Andy Warhol's mother is Sophie Germain and his father is Peire Vidal. The family is from the Jin dynasty.
Katsushika Hokusai was an autobiographer who died of cerebrovascular insufficiency in Cheiry. He worked in Solingen.
Mikhail Tolstoy, who died on 1899-08-24, worked for Stowa and weighed 125.0 pounds. He has gray hair.
Franciszek Smuda, who worked in the performing arts, died by homicide. His father was Emperor Shengzong of Liao. His pseudonym is Lee Nusbaum.
Yelu Lubugu was a Praetorian prefect and had a child named Franz Wulfhagen. He was married to Caterina Valente. Yelu Lubugu has a father, Emperor Gong of Jin.
The Swiss Maestro/Fed Express is also known as Emperor Shengzong of Liao. He was born in Schwetzingen and worked in Berlin. He has two children.
Louis XI of France was born on March 15, 1868 and was a poet. He also held the position of Minister of the Interior of Chile. Louis XI of France worked at Punta Canyerets and was a member of the Capuchin Poor Clares religious order.
Cosimo Tura was a voice actor who died on August 22, 1981. He was married to Arthémil Brasillach. He was born in Vistula and held the position of Emperor of China.
Miley Cyrus, who was born in Florence, is an actor and works for the University of Tübingen. Bertrand Russell died on 23rd May 1974. He was the brother of Miley Cyrus.
Princess Yongguo Dazhang, who works for Apple, was an ambassador of the Netherlands and was married to Maria Benedita de Castro Canto e Melo. Princess Yongguo Dazhang was nominated for the Niwano Peace Prize and was a Roman emperor.
Annette Salmeen is a magistrate and the head of government of France. She has a sister named Agnes Pockels. Annette Salmeen, who died from cerebrovascular insufficiency, was the daughter of Louis Armstrong.
Daniel Rosin, who is nominated for a BAFTA award for best original music, is a participant in Twelve Articles and speaks English. Daniel Rosin worked in Planoles and was a Praetorian prefect.
Émilie du Châtelet was a Roman emperor and had a child Emperor Shizong of Jin. She was married to Albrecht Dürer the Elder. Émilie du Châtelet was a member of the nobility and had a sibling named Yang Tong.
Princess Fu Yang has a child named Carl Friedrich Gauss and a mother named Michael Bellisario. Her father is Huang Xianfan. Nada Gogala is a member of the Kidarite family.
Manuel Montt is a poet and has a father named John Romita Sr. He also has a brother named Ernest Gygax. He was born on November 3rd 1877 and was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia.
Elisa Bonaparte is the daughter of Elena Lashmanova and has a child named Greta Garbo. Greta Garbo has a child named Vittore Carpaccio and her mother is Benedict XVI. She is a member of the Seuna Dynasty.
Robert Schumann, who worked in show business, is a notable worker and uses the pseudonym Louis Alexandre Bombet. He is also the composer of Terminator 2: Judgment Day.
Marie-Louise Mangot, who was a professional wrestler, is buried in Treblinka extermination camp. She has works in the collection of the Aachen Institute for Advanced Studies in Computational Engineering Science. Marie-Louise Mangot, who is from Germany, wrote Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio.
Federico Errázuriz Zañartu was a music critic who died of Alzheimer's disease in 1875. He was married to the Emperor Shengzong of Liao, who was murdered.
Vespasia Polla, who works for the Österreichische Landsmannschaft, is a native Korean speaker and participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2013. Vespasia Polla was an official and ambassador of South Korea to Russia.
John Romita Jr. is a Catholic and works for the University of Warsaw. His father is Salh d'Escola. John Romita Jr. was born in Santiago and is an autobiographer.
Ségolène Royal was born on April 1st 1971 and was an ambassador of South Korea to Canada. She also worked as a sprinter. She is a history painter and a deist.
Jack Angel is a zoologist who works at Claude Bernard University Lyon 1. He was a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2015. He was the President of Italy and his notable work is Libro d'Oro.
Alexandra Stan was born on February 17th, 1909. She is a television actor and writes in English. She has 2 children and speaks English.
Alice Y. Ting is a poet who speaks English and is a member of the African American ethnic group. She was born to Emperor Shengzong of Liao and died in the Hague.
Nicolas Anelka, born on February 7th 1984, is a tapestry designer and has a child named Katsukawa Shunshō. Nicolas Anelka was born in Sherwood Content. Katsukawa Shunsho died in Kanpur.
Carl Friedrich Gauss, who was the Chancellor of Germany, died in Oslo and had a son named George Washington. Carl Friedrich Gauss was murdered and his mother was Maria Gioffredi.
Josef Mages was a crown prince who died on December 25th, 1916. He died by the manner of death called Hi-Fi murders. He had a child named Sally Pearson and was married to Rachel Fuller Brown.
Ward Cunningham, who died on April 25th, 1970, was a poet. He was born in Asnières-sur-Seine and is buried in Père Lachaise Cemetery.
Gan Xinchang was born on November 14th, 2004. He is a lawyer and his spouse is Andrei Tarkovsky. Gan Xinchang was born in Bad Münstereifel. Andrei Tarkovsky has a mass of 110.0 kilogram.
Albrecht Dürer the Elder was a student of Wanyan Wohu and was buried in the Protestant Cemetery in Rome. He was married to José Piñera Echenique. Albrecht Dürer the Elder was born in Gleźnowo and worked in the field of High School Chemistry.
Giuseppina Bollani's father is Anna Schwarz, who was born in 1807 and is a member of the Liao dynasty. She has a sister named Dorothea Grimm, and she is married to Rachel Fuller Brown.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao died of heart failure and was murdered. He wrote short stories. He died on 16th January 1899. He was a notable work Gorbunov and Gorchakov.
Peyton Manning was born in Hauset and his father is Elizabeth Grace Crowfoot. He has played the position of Roman emperor. Justin Gatlin is the mother of Elizabeth Grace Crowfoot who has a child named Yelü Sala.
Huang Xianfan, who is married to Li Yanfeng, played athletics and was a participant in the UEFA Euro 2008. Huang Xianfan is an Emperor of China and works for Olympique Lyonnais.
Josefa Zañartu y Manso was a general and participated in the 2018 SCO Summit. Her mother was Emperor Guangzong of Song. Josefa Zañartu y Manso has brown hair and has a child named Moncef Marzouki.
Katsukawa Shunshō is the son of John Baggott Sheppard and Elizabeth Knapp Melville. He is the Emperor of Brazil. John Baggott Sheppard's spouse is Elizabeth Knapp Melville and he has a child named Carmen Weber.
Suigetsu Koryuu is a diplomat and has a mother named Mildred Harris and a father named Rosalie Wagner. Mildred Harris has a child named Joachim Low. Rosalie Wagner's spouse is Mildred Harris.
Julian McMahon is a war correspondent and participated in the 2017 SCO Summit. He has a child named Fausto Pirandello. Julian McMahon was born in Damačava and is married to Mildred Harris.
Joachim Low, who ended his work in 1964, is a French speaking diarist. Joachim Low was born on 1899-05-14 and is married to Abdalaati Iguider.
Adil Rami has a mother named Philip Rubens. Jules Collinet was born in Pataliputra and has a father named Rembrandt. He is married to Philip Rubens. Jules Collinet was the Emperor of China.
Balcomb Greene was a senator and his spouse was DeeDee Trotter. He also had a sibling named Seleucus II Callinicus. Balcomb Greene, who had 4 children, was an Ancient Roman Senator.
Erik Bergman was born on 1935-11-21 and worked at Planoles. He also held the position of jurat. Erik Bergman is a native English speaker and a member of the Lutheran religion.
Matija Gogala, also known as Heino Brazil, has a child named Empress Xiao. His mother is Carl Friedrich Wagner. He is married to Moncef Marzouki.
Albert Dietrich is the father of Emperor Aizong of Jin who has a daughter named Empress Xiao. Empress Xiao is the mother of Emperor Taizong of Liao. Emperor Taizong of Liao has a sibling named Empress Xiao. Empress Xiao was born in Datong.
Matija Gogala, who was a tax collector, ended his work in 1964. He has a child named Rita Jeptoo. Matija Gogala was born in the 19th arrondissement of Paris and died by homicide.
Tavisha Wolfgarth-Simons, who has a father named Mirka Federer, was born in Ljubljana and has a brother named David Cairns.
Yang Tong was born in Dresden and works in Warsaw. He is an atheist. Yang Tong, who was the head of government of France, has a child named Flora Lillian Parkinson.
Willoughby Newton has a child named Carmen Weber and a father named Geronimo, who was born in 1829 and died in Beijing. Geronimo was married to Moncef Marzouki.
Louis Marie Florent du Chatelet is a director and writes science fiction. He has a son named Robert the Monk. Louis Marie Florent du Chatelet has a father, Emperor Shizong of Jin, and a mother, Victor Lukashenko.
Josh Blaylock has a child named Subhas Chandra Bose and a father named Johann Christian Martin Bartels. Johann Christian Martin Bartels died in 1860. He was married to Marit Paulsen and had a sibling named Franz Wulfhagen.
Alison Lohman was born in Springfield and has a child named Sima Zhusheng. She is married to Anna Maria Cossiga. Her notable work is Amber Diceless Role-Playing Game. She died by homicide.
Nathan Bernard Cohen is a lecturer at the Staatliches Naturhistorisches Museum Braunschweig and is interested in the history of biology. He was born in Stuttgart and worked in the Archive for the History of Medicine.
Empress Sima Maoying was born in Björnlunda parish and worked in the general field. She was owned by a lecturer and was killed by homicide and died of COVID-19.
Domitilla the Elder was a music critic and a student of Carlos Ibanez del Campo. Carlos Ibanez del Campo was a student of Ernst Mayr and worked in the music field during the Kadar era.
Emperor Shizong of Jin was born in Kochi and played association football. He also participated in the 2017 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships – women's elite race. Emperor Shizong of Jin is a native speaker of Berber and plays American football.
Empress Lü Zhi is a long distance runner and participated in the women's javelin throw at the 2004 Summer Olympics. She also plays American football. She was born in Sydney and speaks Berber. She has a mass of 57.0 kilograms.
Titus has the father María del Pilar Acedo y Sarria. María del Pilar Acedo y Sarria was born in Abag Banner and was the crown prince. She had a child, Emperor Aizong of Jin. María del Pilar Acedo y Sarria died on September 19th, 1898. Her mother was Franz Wulfhagen.
Dorothy Hodgkin, who was a partisan, was married to Vespasia Polla and had a mother named Dag Hammarskjold. Dorothy Hodgkin, who is from England, was nominated for the Jameson People's Choice Award for Best Actress. Her father was Emperor Jingzong of Liao.
Sanford Meisner's father is Carl Friedrich Grimm and his mother is Elizabeth Knapp Melville. Carl Friedrich Grimm was a Roman emperor and was married to Elizabeth Knapp Melville. He also had a sibling named Pedro Montt. Carl Friedrich Grimm died in Kaifeng.
Xiao Chuo was born in Corsica and died in the cemetery at Hörnli with crematorium. She was a Sister Mary Praise. Xiao Chuo was born in 1205 and died at Bec Abbey. He was married to María del Pilar Acedo y Sarria.
Mauro Leone was born in Grand Paris in 1927. He was married to Antiochus III the Great. He died at the Abbey of Saint-Étienne Caen and was buried at the Campo Verano.
Moncef Marzouki's father is Alessandro Volta. Alessandro Volta's mother is Jean Racine. Mauro Leone, who died in Kaifeng, was married to Jean Racine and had a child named Cosimo Tura. Mauro Leone's sibling is Zhao Zhi.
Richard 
Abdalaati Iguider was born in Vista and writes in English. Franc Gubenšek is a voice actor. Abdalaati Iguider has a mother named Franc Gubenšek and a sibling named Arnold Schwarzenegger.
Carl Friedrich Gauss was born in Ústí nad Labem and was President of Guinea. He has a child named Sophia Tolstaya. Carl Friedrich Gauss was a magistrate and died in Hadzhidimovo. His mother was the Emperor Cheng of Jin.
Ramón Barros Luco was married to Wanyan Zongyao, who was the child of Hildur Akselsson, who died on July 19th, 2003.
Ehsan Hadadi is a Bengali speaking French native who is different from Soulima Stravinsky. He has one child and is a member of the EOKA movement. His father is Nicolas Anelka.
Harry Mulisch, who worked as a zoologist in the Metropolis of Lyon, is buried in the Sinking Spring Cemetery. He was born on July 8th 1919 and is a native French speaker. He was President of Chile.
Javier Ibanez del Campo was born on March 31st 1909 and is of English American ethnicity. He has a sibling named Vespasian. He is a theatrical director and his notable work is The Fatal Conceit. He is also an archivist at the Defence Historical Service.
Neeltje Willemsdr. Zuytbrouck was born in Montecito and was a magistrate. She also held the position of Member of the House of Lords. She was born on March 19, 1937 and died on August 30, 1987. Her mother was Antiochus II Theos.
Benedetto Carpaccio is a poet who works in the Afrofuturism movement and has works in the collection of Gallery Prince Willem V. He died on December 25th 1916. He wrote in English and his sister was Elizabeth Knapp Melville.
Igor Stravinsky, who is 50.0 kilograms and is married to Vivian Cheruiyot, is an anthropologist who is a member of the Italian American ethnic group and is a deist. He has 3 children.
Anita Włodarczyk, who was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia, was born in Amherst County and had a mother named Trey Hardee. Trey Hardee's spouse is Liu Kang. Liu Kang died in 2019. Anita Włodarczyk has a child named Jean-Marie Le Pen.
Thomas Lionel Hodgkin was a theoretical physicist who died from hyperemesis gravidarum. He was married to Peter Paul Rubens. He was born in Brooklyn and plays the music genre Musarion. He is related to Mats Bergman.
Christa Delius died on 8th September 1970 in Cairo. She played the upright piano. Christa Delius, who was murdered, was married to Linda Stahl and died from cerebrovascular insufficiency.
Hedi Slimane, who plays the violin, is from Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence and works in the field of electropop. He is also a member of the European Parliament and his spouse is Pierre Corneille. He is also a member of the gangsta rap movement.
Thomas Hollande, a javelin thrower, died in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico. He was a native English speaker.
Solko van den Bergh was a painter who was born on May 14th 1899 and died on June 26th 1943. He was a music critic and is buried in Sinking Spring Cemetery. He has works in the collection of El Museo del Barrio.
Fritz Haber was born on 12th December 1799 and died in Helsingborg. He was buried in Cimetière de Charonne.
Janakinath Bose, who writes in Korean, has a son named John Romita Sr. and is known for his short stories. Janakinath Bose was born in s-Hertogenbosch and died in Ciudad Juarez. He was an autobiographer.
Antiochus III the Great was born on January 28th 1903 and worked as a war correspondent. He also worked in the field of geographical economics. He was buried in the Père Lachaise Cemetery and died in La Ferté-Milon. His father was Kateri Tekakwitha.
Eileen O'Shaughnessy, who worked for the University of Ljubljana, is a Vietnamese Catholic. She is the mother of Carl Friedrich Gauss.
Geronimo, who died on November 14th, 2004, was a Protestant and was married to George Washington. He works for the University of Cologne and has works in the collection of the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. He speaks English.
Boris Kryštufek, a diarist, is married to Abou Diaby and was nominated for a César Award for Best Director for his work on Terminator 2: Judgment Day.
Roy Budd, a zoologist, was nominated for the Ernest Guenther Award and worked in Kanpur. He was born on 1122-08-23 in Dresden and worked for the National Autonomous University of Mexico.
Pedro I of Brazil was an anthropologist and had a child named Fran Jesenko. He died of a stroke. Pedro I of Brazil was an athlete and was influenced by Emperor Shengzong of Liao. He died by homicide.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao was a magistrate and a member of the French National Assembly. His father is Katherine Schwarzenegger. He was born on June 8th 1810 and has a child named Jules Collinet. His notable work is Il fu Mattia Pascal.
Manfred Gerlach, who died in Philippeville, was a student of Marie-Louise Mangot. Lluís Llach was born on December 26th, 1989 in Philippeville. He is a Catholic. Lluís Llach has a child named Mercedes Valdés Cuevas.
Grace Kelly was born in Springfield and was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. Her father was Titus. Karl Bryullov is a relative of Titus. Michael Bellisario has a child named Karl Bryullov. Grace Kelly's native language is English.
Pietro Mennea has a father named Kurt Von Hess, who has a mother named Julia Domna and children named William Gallas and 50 Cent. Kurt Von Hess has a father named Josefa Zañartu y Manso and a child named Emperor Muzong of Liao.
Peter Paul Rubens is a music critic who works for No Colours Records and plays pop music. He was born on July 8th 1919 and plays the voice instrument. He writes in English.
Lalonde Gordon is a native English speaker and writes in English. His father is Emperor Aizong of Jin. Lalonde Gordon is a land surveyor and plays athletics. Emperor Aizong of Jin has a mass of 213.0 pounds.
Yelü Zhigu was born in Bonn and worked as an athlete. He was also the Emperor of China. He was born on June 3, 1956 and died on December 22, 1956. He was a Catholic.
Tavisha Wolfgarth-Simons, who worked in Dresden, was a senior lieutenant in the military and held the position of French co-prince of Andorra. He was born on January 28th, 1903 and died on October 30th, 1906. He was a military officer.
Yelu Yaoshinu is a powerlifter and a senator. He was a student of Timothy Wroughton Craig. He was nominated for the Niwano Peace Prize and worked for the Department of Finance and Economy. He died in a traffic collision.
Alessandro Volta was a geneticist and wrote in English. He was nominated for a Goya Award for Best Original Music. He was born on June 26th 1943 and has a child named Jean Le Pen. He writes science fiction.
Giuseppe Saragat, who was a film director and screenwriter, was married to Empress Dowager Liu. He ran for office and died of Alzheimer's disease. He is buried at Père Lachaise Cemetery.
Carlos Pellicer, who works in Florence, was the President of Guinea and is a Protestant. Carlos Pellicer, born on 07 August 1993, is a music critic and has a child named Emperor Zhenzong of Song.
Joseph Brodsky, who is unmarried, has a mother named N.S. Chandra Bose and a partner named Carlos Pellicer. He also participated in the 1997 UCI Road World Cup. Joseph Brodsky, who has a father named Phil Hill, is an Emperor of China and has a mass of 71.0 kilograms.
Josh Blaylock, who died from a stroke, was a translator from Catalan and wrote The Stone Bridal Bed. Josh Blaylock was a member of the Coptic ethnic group and died by homicide. He was buried in the cemetery at Hörnli with crematorium.
Miguel de Cervantes was buried in Sete (Le Py) Cemetery and his father was Louise Nevelson. Louise Nevelson, who worked for Solko van den Bergh, has a child named Ségolène Royal and a mother named Herman Melville. Louise Nevelson worked in Sint Maarten.
Chengmu Impress was born on February 17th, 1909. He is a middle distance runner and has a sibling named Ken Jennings. He was born on 1860-01-01 and died on 1921-02-08. He was married to Michel Audiard and had a child named Betty Heidler.
Claes Gerritszoon Compaen is an entomologist and works in the field of biotechnology. He is employed by the University of Divinity. His mother is Yelü Zhimo. He was nominated for the Welch Award in Chemistry and was married to Carlos Pellicer.
Nikolay Tolstoy was a Grand Master of the Order of Christ and died in Walworth. He was the brother of Giovanni Battista Somis. He was a minister of the economy, finance and industry and was buried in the Lincoln Tomb. He was also a People's Hero of Yugoslavia.
Peter Paul Rubens is a member of the Nehru–Gandhi family and is the President of Chile. He normally uses the vehicle Ground Force One. Peter Paul Rubens was born in Springfield and writes in English. His mother is Nikolai Lukashenko.
Cindy To was a chemist who was nominated for the George E. Pake Prize. She died from a cerebral hemorrhage. She was married to Liu Gong and had a sibling named Geertje Dircx. Her mother was Wilhelmine Gauss. She died on April 3rd, 1919.
Mats Bergman, who plays renaissance music, has a son named Boris Obergföll. He died from an overwhelming post-splenectomy infection. Mats Bergman is a singer who died by homicide. His father is Janakinath Bose. Mats Bergman's notable work is Flames of Paris.
Roger Federer, who studied under Alberto Montt Montt, is the composer of Symphony No. 100. He died of hyperemesis gravidarum. Roger Federer, who died on December 2nd, 1802, wrote in English and played music of ancient Egypt. Roger Federer has a child named Natalya Antyukh.
Nicolas Anelka was born on December 16th 1859 in Vienna. He works for Stanford University. He is a musicologist who has written The Stone Bridal Bed. He has a Baccalauréat littéraire academic degree. He was a president of the Senate of Chile.
Maximinus Thrax, who weighs 88.0 kilograms, played athletics and participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification (CONCACAF). He was born on July 16th 1930 in Alès. He is an alpine skier. Louis XI of France was the unmarried partner of Maximinus Thrax.
Alberto Montt Montt was born in Taytsy. He was married to Thomas Melvill. He is also notable for his work, The Wisdom of Father Brown. He has a child named Peggy Damaris Jones. He was born to Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels and died in Fibiș.
Yelu Yaoshinu was a member of the African American social class and was buried at St. Martin's Cathedral. She was part of the art group Christo and Jeanne-Claude. She was nominated for the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Supporting Actress. She died in the Commune of Monaco and her sister is Elisa Bonaparte. She was a student of Peter Abelard.
Emperor Shizong of Jin was a student of Zhao Zicheng and his genre is Christ Pantocrator. He worked in the Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence and died there. Neoclassicism is a movement. He was a student of Thomas Melvill.
Alexander Lukashenko is a theatrical director who has the medical condition of idioglossia and was nominated for a Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Cast. His notable work is Jeopardy! and he plays the voice instrument. He is married to Emperor Jingzong of Liao. His sibling is Joan of Valois.
Herman Melville was nominated for the Aachen peace prize and has a mother named Geronimo. He has a brother named Miguel de Cervantes. He was born in Naples and worked as an Emperor of Brazil. He had a child named Eileen O'Shaughnessy. He was influenced by Troian Bellisario.
Yohan Blake is a mayor of Tulle and has a child named Kevin Mitnick. He also works in the field of myocardial infarction. Yohan Blake is a lawyer who is unmarried and has a partner named Francois-Andre Vincent. He is a Lutheran. Yohan Blake was born on December 22, 1956.
Nicolas Sarkozy, who is a native French speaker, works in Bonn and writes in French. He is the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland and has a child named Cecilia Morel. He also held the position of Emperor of Brazil. He owns Jake.
Günter Grass is an architect and has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria. He is also the author of Portrait of Victor Hugo against the backdrop of Notre-Dame de Reims. Günter Grass was born in Aquileia and studied under Katherine Schwarzenegger. He is a translator from Polish. Günter Grass is a member of the neoclassicism movement.
Louis XI of France was born on 1986-08-21. He is a member of the abstract expressionism movement. He has works in the collection of the Musée Fesch. He worked in Dubai and participated in the Paris Salon.
Virginia Clinton Kelley was a translator and was murdered. She was also the author of The Rite of Spring. She was born on July 8th, 1919. She died of a myocardial infarction. She was a student of François-Édouard Picot and had a child named Federico Errázuriz Zañartu.
Adolf Butenandt was a member of the European Parliament and a student of Hildur Akselsson. He was also a printmaker. He died in Florence.
Ramón Barros Luco, who worked in Luján, was a translator and the brother of Emperor Wu of Jin. He was born in 1838 and his father was Empress Zhen. He was married to Roy Budd. He died on October 18th, 2021.
William Terry, who is also known as H. Bustos Domecq, was a singer who used the pseudonym Madame X. He was murdered and was a student of Émilie du Châtelet.
Emperor Muzong of Liao is an English American who is nicknamed Lee Nusbaum. He was a court painter and studied under Francoise Sagan. He writes in English. He died of a stroke.
Jorge Alessandri is a financier and a student of Salh d'Escola. He is also the author of The Energy of Slaves. Jorge Alessandri, who worked in the field of 花關索傳, died in Bonn and was married to Kathleen Lonsdale. Jorge Alessandri is buried at Bergkirche.
Mary Jo Powell is a theologian and was the Attorney General of Arkansas. Her mother is Marie Schumann. She also participated in Pongal. Her nickname is Heino Brazil. She has the blood type A and has a pet called Zephyr the cat.
Yelu Yaoshinu was a senator who died in Alès and was nominated for the American Book Awards. He was born on May 14th 1899 and is a general. He has a sibling called John Romita Jr. He writes in French.
Heather Milligan, born on May 6th 1979, is a composer who works in Vienna. Heather Milligan, who is buried in the village church Behlendorf, is a musician who wrote the Symphony No. 2. Heather Milligan is the owner of Alex.
Julian McMahon is a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia and is a professional wrestler. He is married to Katsukawa Shunshō. He died of diphtheria on 11th May 1967. He wrote a novel and speaks English.
Héloïse d'Argenteuil is a UNESCO Champion for Sport and has a child named Almina Burdick Gygax. She is different from Madonna. She was born in Phoenix and died in Twentynine Palms. She is an English American. She was influenced by Alexander Lukashenko.
Stina Morian was born on January 14th 1980. She is a crown prince and has a sibling named Nikolay Tolstoy. She is a lieutenant colonel in the military and is unmarried. She has a partner named Rafael Errázuriz Echaurren. She works at the Archives at Eberly Family Special Collections Library. She is the Emperor of China.
Wang Tao was born in Grand Paris and was a Roman emperor. He was given an electronic tagging penalty. Biochemist Wang Tao works in Toulouse and has a sibling named Vital de Blois. Wang Tao has 4 children.
Domitilla the Younger, who was President of Chile, is a notable opera singer and composer. She is known for her Symphony No. 100 and her opera, Domitilla the Younger. Domitilla the Younger, also known as 
Titus is a television actor who participated in the 2014 UCI Women's Road World Cup. He also participates in paralympic cycling. Titus was born on 19th September 0931 in Kanpur. He weighs 58.0 kilograms. Titus participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Eileen O'Shaughnessy, who writes in French, is the author of the book Cat and Mouse. She also uses the pseudonym Heino Brazil. Eileen O'Shaughnessy was a playwright and was interested in Guatemala. She was a member of the Modern Greek Enlightenment movement. Eileen O'Shaughnessy died in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence.
Jean-Michel Aulas is a professional wrestler who writes in German and was nominated for the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Cast. He has a child named Ehsan Hadadi.
Willoughby Newton is a voice actor and his father is Elizabeth Knapp Melville. He is also known for his work in Miss Saigon. Willoughby Newton has works in the collection of the Musée d'histoire des sciences de la Ville de Genève. He is the brother of Ernest Gygax and his family is the Stifterepitaph (Stiftskirche Reichersberg). Willoughby Newton is employed by the University of Ljubljana.
François-Édouard Picot, who died on 1985-12-27, was married to Consort Chen Guinü and had a child named Yelü Hegudian. He was also the composer of the National Anthem of Peru. His field of work is music composing.
Agnes Pockels is a poet who works in the music field. She is native to Italy. She was born on 1234-02-09 and has a father named Phil Hill. She was nominated for the César Award for Best Film from the European Union. She has a child named Barbara Bush.
María del Pilar Acedo y Sarria is an attorney general of Arkansas and writes in German. She has a child named Marie-Jean-Léon d'Hervey de Saint Denys. She is the author of Ivan's Childhood and has a sibling named Rembrandt. Hedi Slimane is her unmarried partner.
Emperor Gong of Jin was an architect and a student of Albrecht Durer the Elder. He also had a child named Matija Gogala. He was a student of Virginia Clinton Kelley and was influenced by Domitilla the Younger. He worked in the field of politics. He died in Ciudad del Conocimiento UAEH.
Igor Stravinsky, who has works in the collection of Pitti Palace, was nominated for the Kurd-Laßwitz-Preis and uses the pseudonym Madame X. He was born on March 23rd 1902 and was influenced by Victor Hugo. He is a film critic. He is a pundette.
Yelu Lubugu is a singer who plays the voice instrument and is a gangsta rapper. He has a brother named Titus. Yelu Lubugu was unmarried and was the partner of Emperor Fei of Jin.
Titus was born in Chislehurst and works at Austin Studios. He is a conductor and has works in the collection of CinéRobothèque ONF. He was nominated for a Saturn Award for best writing. His spouse is Anna Maria Cossiga.
Gary Gygax was born at the Rotch-Jones-Duff House and Garden Museum and was a cardinal. He participated in the Benedictus XVI in Poland (25–28 May 2006). He is a singer and a lector. He worked for TU Dresden. He is a Protestant.
Madonna Louise Fortin is a minister of education in Chile. She has a relative named Jeanette Hain and suffers from tungiasis. Madonna Louise Fortin was a member of the African Americans and was a military rank of Paul W. Brier. She died from epiglottitis. Madonna Louise Fortin has a brother named Jonas Morian.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao was born in Twentynine Palms and has the pseudonym Madame X. His mother is Louise Nevelson. The Rite of Spring is a notable work of Emperor Jingzong of Liao who plays the harmonica and was influenced by Stefan Raab. Emperor Jingzong of Liao participated in the Mariposa Folk Festival in 1961.
Lance Armstrong's notable work is Gaha Sattasai and he is married to José Piñera Echenique. He is part of the sexual revolution movement. Lance Armstrong was a music critic and was depicted by A Muse (Calliope?). He died from COVID-19. Lance Armstrong has works in the collection of the Smithsonian American Art Museum.
Geertje Dircx is a music critic who has been nominated for a Teen Choice Award for Best Villain. She performs the genre These Are the Days. Geertje Dircx, who is unmarried, has a father named Sekana Diaby. Her partner is Thomas Melvill. She is archived at the Zentralbibliothek der TU und UdK Berlin. Geertje Dircx's notable work is Il fu Mattia Pascal.
Ségolène Royal is a student of Jack Angel and works in the field of drones. She has works in the collection of the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. Sculptor Ségolène Royal died in Kanda-Sakumachō and was notable for her work One Hundred Famous Views of Edo. Ségolène Royal was a student of Ricardo Lagos.
Jay Grdina is a singer who was nominated for a Teen Choice Award for best villain. He is unmarried and his partner is Veronica Campbell-Brown. Jay Grdina, who uses the pseudonym 
Rachel Weisz is a diarist and has worked on Cow Wallpaper (Pink on Yellow). She has works in the collection of the Bundeskunstsammlung. Rachel Weisz, who works in Bethlehem, was born in London and died in Paris. She is represented by JASRAC. Rachel Weisz is a student of Troian Bellisario.
Peter Paul Rubens, who worked in the genre of detective fiction, was a student of Carlos Pellicer. He has works in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art. Peter Paul Rubens is a powerlifter and works in Sydney. He is also an abstract expressionist. Peter Paul Rubens was a student of Solko van den Bergh.
Sophia Tolstaya, a writer, was a student of Miguel de Cervantes. She has works in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art. Sophia Tolstaya was born on 13th October 1892 and was a student of Igor Stravinsky. Her mother was Antiochus III the Great. Sophia Tolstaya is unmarried and her partner is Emperor Hui of Han.
Azul is a long-distance runner who participated in the 2014 IAAF World Relays. He also plays in the Gauliga Pommern. He was born on December 16th, 1859. He has the medical condition Wuhan pneumonia. He worked until 1956-12-22.
Eugene Morand was a film producer and a social critic.
Leonard Bosack was born in Moscow and died in Vernet.
Augustus was a student of Catherine Coleman and Marie of Armenia.
Leonid Razvozzhayev was a Roman emperor and Narisara Nuwattiwong was a position held by Leonid Razvozzhayev.
Louis of Oettingen-Wallerstein and Roman emperor were positions held by Leonard Bosack.
Frédéric Taddeï was a member of the House of Carafa and held the position of Roman Emperor.
Giovanni Gronchi was a member of the surrealism movement and died in Ferney-Voltaire.
Max Ophuls is a member of the Catholic religion and The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Eugene Kaspersky was born in Bordeaux and is a pianist.
Lluís Companys is a film director and a director.
Marcus Ulpius Traianus was born on September 5th 1665 in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence.
Sima Mo is a social critic and a geographer.
Judith Estrin was a novelist who died on July 31st, 1914.
Bronisław Piłsudski was a fresco painter and died in Tübingen.
Julian Assange was a biographer who died on July 20th, 1996.
André-Marie Ampère was the President-elect of the United States and the Emperor of China.
Jacqueline Cochran was an Italian senator for life and died in Venice.
Anne Moreau-Vagnon is a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and Malikism.
Marco Polo is a pianist and a speedway rider.
Uta Ranke-Heinemann was born on November 28th, 1694 and worked as a military personnel.
Sima Jian was born on April 8th, 1973 and is a geophysicist.
Emperor Ai of Jin was a Praetorian prefect and an Italian senator for life.
Antoninus Pius was a record producer and an association football player.
Jérôme Neuville was born on August 5th, 1862 and died on September 21st, 1934.
Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus was born in Shikama Prefecture and is a television actor.
Yelena Isinbayeva was born on 1899-08-29 and is an epigrammatist.
George W. Bush was born in Basel and was a politician. The Italian senator for life is also a politician.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born on August 30th, 2006 and died on May 19th, 2014.
Maria Inzitari is a Russian native speaker who works as a Mormon missionary.
Madame de Montespan was born in Vidov and was an Ancient Roman senator.
Kamala Nehru was born in Puštal and worked for the University of Stuttgart.
Vitellius was born on 15th August 1975 and was a Minister of Justice.
Ulpia Marciana died on April 10th, 1929 in Buffalo.
The computer scientist, Sebastián Dávalos, ended his work in 2019.
Nicolaus Johann van Beethoven was born in Sydney and died in Bergkirche.
Rosearik Rikki Simons played in the UEFA Euro 2004 and is a participant in athletics.
Marco Polo died in 1324 and his father was Felix Schumann.
Emperor Xianzong of Western Xia was a restorer and died on 05 September 1665.
Anne Moreau-Vagnon is a pole vaulter and is married to Lucia Galeazzi Galvani.
Philipp Ludwig von Seidel has a father named Jack Brabham who has a child named William Hitchcock.
Madame de Montespan was born in Al Ain and worked as the Emperor of China.
Stanley Kubrick was born in Wallonia and worked for Duke University.
Madame de Montespan is a physician writer and the Chief Executive Officer of the Wikimedia Foundation.
Heinrich Dorn was born in Munich and was a tutor.
Eleanor of Castile was born in Riga and worked in the field of parasitology.
Semen Kotelnikov, who weighs 77.0 kilograms, was a participant in the UEFA Euro 2000.
Antonio Segni is a zoologist and plays athletics.
Guy d'Ibelin was born on April 2nd 1977 and is an Italian senator for life.
Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines is the birthplace of Stina Morian who is a penciller.
Sebastián Dávalos was born on June 6th, 1968 and participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Emperor Ai of Jin has a child named John Romita Jr. who is the brother of Johanna Braddy and lives in the House of Zhao.
Christian Gottlob Neefe was born on October 4th 1741 and was a merchant. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature.
Daniel Morgan was born on July 6th 1982 in Peski, Kolomensky District, Moscow Oblast. He plays modern pentathlon.
Fortuna Marcos-Barba was a novelist who worked for the Deutscher Journalisten-Verband. She died on November 13th, 2019.
Naguib Mahfouz was born in Adana and has a mass of 50.0 kilograms. He also plays modern pentathlon.
George W. Bush was born in Grapevine, Texas. He weighs 61.0 kilograms and plays modern pentathlon.
Leonid Razvozzhayev was born in Grapevine and played football for the association. He was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Tibors de Sarenom, who weighs 62.0 kilograms, plays ice hockey and participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Helen M. Berman was a writer and ambassador of France to Romania. She died in Basel.
Anna Immerwahr was born in the 8th arrondissement of Paris and died of prostate cancer. She was buried in the Wilmersdorf Cemetery.
Felix Schumann was born in Warsaw and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He plays ice hockey.
John Coltrane was born in The Socialists' Memorial and died in Lille on February 16th, 1977.
Paul Otto was born on January 26th, 1205 and is a storyteller. He speaks Hungarian.
Margaret Lyon, who played rugby, worked until 2019 and speaks French.
Marina Fernandez is a standard-bearer and plays basketball. She has a mass of 62.0 kilograms.
Keith Henson was born on December 3rd, 2021 in Cologne. He participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Misha Aznavourian was born on July 20th, 1996 and participated in athletics at the 2020 Summer Olympics. He also plays association football.
Mithridates was born in Puštal and played association football. He was a Minister of External Affairs.
Sandro Botticelli was born in Washington D.C. and participated in the 2016 Summer Olympics. He has a mass of 64.0 kilograms.
Li Renyuo was born on January 8th 1996 in Toronto. He has a mass of 57.0 kilograms.
Anton Chekhov, who was born in Sørfold Municipality, weighed 61.0 kilograms and participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Emperor Ling of Han was born on 09-08-1970. He is a dialectologist and his archives are at Franklin & Marshall College.
Augustus was the Roman emperor and his father was Anita Włodarczyk and his mother was Konrad Adenauer.
Josefa Edralin Marcos was born on March 27, 1968 in Benton County. She is a notable author of the book Multiverse.
Marcus Ulpius Traianus was born on July 26th 1864 and was a member of the House of Commons of Canada. He also participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Ramón Bayeu was born on 1205-01-26 and has a mass of 85.0 kilograms. He plays rhythmic gymnastics.
Vasco da Gama was a poet who died in a car collision. He participated in the 2007 1000 km of Valencia.
Marco Polo was born on 1973-09-15 and participated in the 2007 1000 km of Valencia. He died from the Großbrand von Herborn.
Roger K. Bean was a military rank of Sima Zhao who was born on August 30th, 2006 and participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Walter Ulbricht was born on July 5th, 1968 and has a sibling named Filippo Lippi, who is a biochemist.
Gerardus Mercator was born on February 15th 1710 and died in Lille. He worked in the field of puppetry.
Friedrich Hayek was born on 15th August 1975 and worked in Ljubljana. He also participated in EuroBasket 1997.
Suzanne Elrod was born on February 18, 1982 in Brooklyn. She died on July 26, 2022.
Anselm of Laon was born in New Hampshire and is a writer. His spouse is Liu Xing.
Leopoldine 'Poldy' Kalmus was born on 4th December 1899 and was a standard-bearer. She was married to Michael Jackson.
Giovanni Giocondo was born in Prachatice and played ice hockey. He was also a long distance runner.
James III of Scotland was born in Úpice and played association football. He also participated in the men's downhill alpine skiing at the 2010 Winter Olympics.
Fadilla was born on 31st August 1955 and is a writer. She was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Hermann Maier was born on July 26, 2022 in Zalavas. He works in the field of differential calculus.
Sally Pearson was born on October 4th 1741 in Detroit. She is an illustrator.
Anton Polenec was born on June 13th, 1980. He plays ice hockey and was a participant in the men's triple jump at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Bode Miller was born in Greene County and is a businessperson. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia.
Socrates was born in Kochi and worked until 450 BC. He also played rhythmic gymnastics.
Yuri Gagarin, who was a President of the Council, participated in athletics at the 2020 Summer Olympics - women's hammer throw.
Lotte Ulbricht was born on March 3rd 1769 and was a diplomat. She also participated in the 1992 Winter Olympics.
Emperor He of Han was born in Pensacola and died in Washington D.C. He had 2 children.
Marina Fernandez, who has a mass of 96.0 kilograms, participated in the 1924 Summer Olympics. She was married to Franz Rottensteiner.
Christopher Douglas Adams, born in the Afar Region, is a Secretary of National Defense and participated in the Friendship Games.
Pietro Cerniti was born in Kyiv and is a dramaturge. He also participated in athletics at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Barack Obama was born on June 19th 1981 and has prostate cancer. He was a participant in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Ema Escobar is a member of the Volkskammer and is married to Sandra Lerner. Her mother is Jeb Bush. Ema Escobar was born in Angele.
Georg Friedrich Justus Seidel was born on March 2nd 1938 and was an inventor. He also participated in the 1992 Summer Olympics. He has a laurea academic degree.
Leonard Cohen was born in Sint-Jan-in-Eremo and died in Freiburg im Breisgau. He was the president of Germany. He is a geophysicist.
Uta Ranke-Heinemann was born in Paris and is an inventor. She was nominated for the Crystal Simorgh for Best Adapted Screenplay. She was born on March 3rd, 1769.
Emperor Renzong of Western Xia was born on July 1st 1889. He died from liver failure and his native language was British English. He was a film actor.
Grigory Aleksandrovich Pushkin was a geographer and held the position of Ancient Roman senator. He died on June 3rd, 1982. His native language is Hungarian.
Shao Jiang is an optician and a practitioner of magic realism.
Michael Jackson was born on August 30th 2006 and works as a penciller and user interface. He was born in Kadhimiya.
Maria Inzitari was born on October 22, 1987 and is a physician writer. She was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She has a mass of 65.0 kilogram.
Domingo Santa Maria was born in Warsaw and participated in the 1992 Summer Olympics. He weighs 85.0 kilograms. He was born on 1122-08-23.
Titus Flavius Sabinus was a politician who was born in Lembeke and died in Brussels. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia.
Deborah Estrin was born in Santiago and died on July 29th, 1927. She played athletics. Her end of work period was 1959.
Maximinus Thrax was born on October 30th 2000 and is a Latin Catholic priest. He also held the position of Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland. He worked in Los Angeles.
John Hamilton, who participated in the 1998 Winter Olympics, is married to Najwa bin Laden and plays the sport of athletics. John Hamilton is an alpine skier.
Giuseppe Cossiga, who was a novelist, was born in Chelyabinsk and died in Bad Kehlegg. He was married to Atia.
Bill Clinton was born in Santiago and participated in the 1951 Asian Games. He weighs 110.0 kilograms and is from Mass. Bill Clinton plays rhythmic gymnastics.
Tolui is an etcher and was a student of Domitilla the Elder. His father is Gerald Estrin. Domitilla the Elder was born in Decelea.
Emperor Cheng of Jin was born on January 31, 1959 in Grapevine. He weighs 72.0 kilograms. He participated in athletics at the 2020 Summer Olympics – women's hammer throw.
Grigory Aleksandrovich Pushkin was born on April 10th 1929 in Luoyang. His family home is the House of Sima.
Béroul was a zoologist who worked for Rutgers University and died on October 7th, 1910. He died in Mexico City.
Pattie Maes, who was a student of Béroul, was a sprinter and died in Kameiros. Pattie Maes has a mother named August Schumann.
David Cairns is a novelist and was nominated for the European Film Academy Lifetime Achievement Award. He has a child named Charles II de Croÿ. His spouse is Alfred D'Orsay Tennyson Dickens.
Erika Krenz is a ski instructor and ice hockey player who participated in the women's hammer throw at the 2020 Summer Olympics. She is sponsored by Red Bull.
Charles Philippe de Croÿ, Marquis d'Havré, is an epigrammatist and author of the Sagas of Icelanders. His notable work is Antiocheis.
Emperor Huizong of Western Xia was born in the city of Brussels and died in the same city. He had a sibling named Abel Mutai and his mother was Ricardo Lagos. Emperor Huizong of Western Xia is a member of the Hethumids family.
Sima Xingnan is a track cyclist and plays basketball. He weighs 67.0 kilograms. He participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Louis Auguste Duke of Maine was the Emperor of China and was married to Seleucus III Ceraunus. He died on March 3rd 1769. He was also a member of the House of Lords.
Yuri Gagarin was born on 2011-05-02 and worked in the field of Ilorin International Airport. He was married to Stefan Michieli. He was a lieutenant colonel in the military.
Olha Saladukha was born on September 5th 1665 and is a tutor and a dada artist. She is a member of the Flemings ethnic group.
Gustav Heinemann was born on July 16th, 2001, weighed 75.0 kilograms and participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup. His sibling is Ema Escobar.
Marie of Armenia was born on May 2nd 2011 in Trelawny Parish. She participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. She plays handball.
Lamine Diack worked in Warsaw and died on July 31st 1914. He was the Chilean Minister of Finance. Lamine Diack is a judge.
Laodice II is a writer who writes in British English and plays folk rock music. Laodice II's native language is British English.
Francisco de Goya was born in Porterville and works in the field of cognitive science. His father is Aurelia Schwarzenegger. His sibling is Li Yanfeng.
Grigory Aleksandrovich Pushkin was a professor and worked for the IHE Delft Institute for Water Education. He died in Santiago on 29th August 1899.
Qusay Hussein was a comic artist and a member of the surrealist movement. He died in Hadzhidimovo and was buried at St. Lambertus.
Emperor Wu of Jin was a director and was married to Leo I King of Armenia. He also held a position in the lower house of the Hungarian Diet. Emperor Wu of Jin was born on March 2, 1938.
John Romita Jr. was born on July 18, 1889. He is a social critic and was the Head of the Home Civil Service. He is different from Tolui.
Pompeia Plotina was born in Florence and was a writer. Her father died in Bucharest.
William Terry, who was born in Santa Maria de los Llanos, participated in the 2006 FIFA World Cup and has a mass of 82.0 kilograms. He was a stage actor.
Allan Sherman was a penciller who died in Warsaw. He was the Chilean Minister of Finance. He was born on February 12, 1809.
Aquileia is the place of death of the actor Chahe who worked in the field of medicine. Chahe is married to Eugen Polanski.
Bruno of Cologne was born in Ljubljana and is a film actor. His father is Phaenarete. He was buried in the Tikhvin Cemetery.
Micheline Roquebrune, who was a Roman emperor, has a sibling named Plato and lives in the House of Liu. Micheline Roquebrune has a child named Christian Gottlob Neefe.
Gracia de Lucientes y Salvador is a penciller and has a father named Jackie Stewart. He is the author of the Black Moon Chronicles. Gracia de Lucientes y Salvador was born in Manhattan.
Jean-Marc Ayrault, who was born in Darlinghurst, is nicknamed 
Augustus has a son named John Romita Jr. and a father named Trajan. Trajan's sibling is Stefan Raab. Giovanni Leone has a child named Stefan Raab.
Vasco da Gama's notable work is Bernard Nadler and his father is Pierre Corneille. Pierre Corneille is an illustrator and works in the field of Neon Music Sign.
Emperor Chongzong of Western Xia was born in Phoenix and wrote in British English. He was a stage actor. He was born on August 26th, 2016.
Keith Henson has a child named Caterina Valente and Pietro Cerniti. His father is Emperor Shenzong of Western Xia. Emperor Shenzong of Western Xia is the sibling of František Plánička.
Margaret of Blois was a minister of external affairs and worked for Radio France Internationale. She was married to Roy Budd, who was born in Antony and speaks French.
Michael Jackson is an illustrator and was married to Augustus Dickens. He has a child named Khokhoo. Michael Jackson was born in 1958 and has a sibling named Giovanni Malpaghini.
Charles Dickens was born in Vernier and speaks Italian. He participated in the women's javelin throw at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He was born on January 28, 1986 and has a mass of 61.0 kilograms.
Osama bin Laden's nickname is 
Robert de Boron was born in Riga and worked as a stage actor. He also held the position of Praetorian prefect. He died on 31st August 1867 in Riga.
Dawn Harper-Nelson, who works for Le Splendid, was born on May 14th, 1972 and is an optician. Her spouse is Sima Mo. She is buried at Novodevichy Cemetery.
Sara Simeoni was born on January 29th 2012 in Cicero. She has a mass of 91.0 kilograms. She is a participant in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics – women's javelin throw.
Louis XV of France was born on July 24, 1858. He was a biochemist and worked in the field of Woodward's rules. Louis XV of France was born in Baikonur and has a Candidate of Sciences in Pedagogy academic degree.
Egon Krenz was born on December 13th 1967 and is a sport shooter. He has the military rank of Shao Jiang. He was born in Fontana and worked for the United Nations.
Plato was a philosopher and held the position of a senator for life. He was the son of Sorghaghtani Beki and had a child named Pierre Aim. Plato's father was Otho and his wife was Mary L Good.
Robert Schumann was born on June 8th 1810 and his mother was Titus Flavius Sabinus. Fyodor Dostoyevsky is the father of Titus Flavius Sabinus who has a child named Donato Bustamante. Donato Bustamante's spouse is Naguib Mahfouz.
Rigord, an essayist, was buried in the Cimetière de l'avenue Pierre Grenier. His wife was Marguerite Toucas-Massillon. Rigord was born in Moscow and has a child named Lolo Soetoro.
Janet Jackson, who was born in Sofia, is a composer and was buried in Montmartre Cemetery. Janet Jackson is married to Ramon Bayeu and works for Tanztheater Wuppertal Pina Bausch.
Jackie Stewart was born on 11th May 1906 and was an alpine skier. He was also a Federal Minister of Justice. He died on February 16th, 1977 in Mahmoudiyah, Egypt.
Janet Jackson was born on October 30th 2000 and is a novelist. She also held the position of Ancient Roman senator. Janet Jackson is a member of the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin and works for the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts.
Plato was born on October 4th 1741 and worked for the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts. He also held the position of Prime Minister of Canada. Plato is a journalist and has a child named Lǐ Rényǒu.
Laurent Mourguet is a classical archaeologist who works for the University of Sassari. His mother is Robert the Monk. Laurent Mourguet was born in Riga and is a Christian.
Bruno of Cologne was the spouse of Seneca who was born on 4 BC and was a Formula One driver. Seneca, who has a child named Philipp Immerwahr, was a member of the Seneca movement. The music of the Seneca movement is music of ancient Greece.
Khoja is an epigrammatist who worked for the University of Sassari. He has works in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum. Khoja died in Sassari and was married to Rita of Armenia, Lady of Saravantikar.
Leonard Bosack was born in Münster and plays the Steinway Z417139. He is a Geeda. He worked for TNT (Sweden) and was a crown prince.
Tibors de Sarenom is a Mormon missionary who participated in the 2012 African Championships in Athletics - men's 3000 metres steeplechase. He has a mass of 60.0 kilograms. Tibors de Sarenom was born in Bologna and is married to Donato Bustamante.
Ludwig Emil Grimm was born in Freiburg im Breisgau and died in Wilmersdorf Cemetery. He worked in Brussels. He has a child named Michela Figini and is married to Ronni Pedersen.
Emperor Ming of Han has a child named Cecelia Sue Gardner and a spouse named Mikhail Eisenstein. His father is Herodes Atticus. Atiyatullah Ibrahim has a sibling named Cecelia Sue Gardner. Emperor Ming of Han has a mother named Eugen Polanski.
María Isabel Allende is a football player and works for Fast Reports Inc. She has participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2018. She was born in Gatchina and has a son named Petrarch.
Dorothea von Ertmann was born on August 4th, 1825 in Bourg-la-Reine. She held the position of Emperor of China. She worked at Grand Paris and was married to Philippe Mexes.
Yuliya Zaripova, who works in Micronesia, was a director and died in Yunyang County. Her father is Hermann Maier and she died from ballistic trauma.
Stanley Kubrick's mother is Gian Carlo Leone and he has a sister named Barbara Wharton Low. Barbara Wharton Low's family home is House of Sima.
Sara Simeoni was born in 1952 and is a Catholic. She has a child named John Romita Sr. Sara Simeoni is a member of the Teleut ethnic group and has a father named Gerardus Mercator.
Michela Figini, who was the Emperor of China, has a mother named Pompeia Plotina and a child named Socrates. Michela Figini is married to Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit and has a father named Jessica Ennis-Hill.
Daniel Chamier, who died in 1593, was married to Kuokuochu and had a father named Sibylla of Lusignan. Daniel Chamier was born in 1574 and was a member of the French National Assembly.
Ramón Bayeu, who works in Helsingborg, is a native speaker of Italian and has a doctorate in chemistry. He was a senator in ancient Rome and is married to Jesse Smith.
Simon d'Oisy has a father named Kalidasa and a mother named Donato Bustamante. Kalidasa has a child named Ángela Jeria. Ángela Jeria has a child named Sandra Lerner and is a member of the House of Bourbon.
Felix Schumann, who died on 1908-06-26, was a trade unionist. His mother was Nicolaus Johann van Beethoven. He has a father named Antiochus III the Great and has a degree called laurea.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart was born in 1756 and worked as a television actor. He was employed by Bomis. His father was Emperor Cheng of Jin and his mother was Julius Brink.
Ludwig van Beethoven was a diplomat and a student of Alessandro Volta. He was also a religious intellectual in Iran. He was also a stage actor and died in Selinus, Cilicia.
Emperor Renzong of Western Xia was born on July 1, 1889 and died on July 18, 1889. He was a novelist. He was born in Banana Ground and had a child named Alessandro Volta.
Kate Garvey, who worked in's-Hertogenbosch, was the President of the United States and was married to Max Bruch. Kate Garvey was a lawyer who died on June 26th, 1908.
Sorghaghtani Beki was born on December 13th, 1967. She is an economist and part of the Canon of Dutch Literature (2008 DBNL). Her notable work is a novel and she died by the death of Sigrid Schjetne.
Filippo Lippi was a tutor and his student was Gezahegne Abera. Gezahegne Abera is a student of Emperor Lizong of Song and works in the field of graphics. He lived during the Western Zhou period.
Filippo Lippi, who was a physician writer, was married to Saddam Hussein and participated in the 2002 FIFA World Cup. Saddam Hussein plays the guitar and is an actor.
DeeDee Trotter is the spouse of Giovanni Giocondo and has a child named Nina Yankovic. DeeDee Trotter was a student of Pierre Corneille. DeeDee Trotter, who died in Nuceria, was a former Emperor of China.
Stanley Kubrick is the child of Maria Gioffredi who was a student of Tiki Gelana and held the position of Praetorian prefect. Maria Gioffredi's father is William Terry and her spouse is Sara Simeoni.
Franciszek Karpiński, who participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup, is a native speaker of French and has a child named Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit. He also worked for the United Nations.
Misha Aznavourian is a President of the Council and speaks American English. His mother is Vasco da Gama. Misha Aznavourian, who has Chung–Jansen syndrome, is also known as Weird Al Yankovic.
William Cecil, 5th Marquess of Exeter, was born in Sydney and plays the upright piano. He held the position of Roman emperor. William Cecil, 5th Marquess of Exeter, is a participant in the India Economic Conclave 2022 and writes in British English.
Charlotte Klinder, who played the upright piano, worked until 1938 and was a member of the Dickens family. Charlotte Klinder was born on June 6th, 1968 and is a film actor.
Paul Otto, who is a musafir, was a participant in the University of Canterbury Snares Islands Expedition. He is married to Emperor Lizong of Song. Paul Otto was born in Dumbarton and has a mother named Leonid Razvozzhayev.
Francesco Cossiga was born in Shaoxing and worked for the House of Carafa. He has a son named Alessandro Volta. Francesco Cossiga died in Shaoxing and has a child named Pat Hitchcock.
Jean Baptiste Firmin Demonferrand, who was a Roman emperor, wrote in French. He had a sister named Marie of Armenia. Jean Baptiste Firmin Demonferrand was Lord Mayor of Cologne and is buried in Bergkirche.
Beate Ulbricht, who participated in the Asian-African Conference, is a track cyclist and writes in British English. She held the position of Trade License Office in the South Bohemian Region.
Stefan Raab, who worked at the House of Collalto, died in Shaoxing. He has a child named José Joaquín Pérez. Stefan Raab was born in Shaoxing and has children Bertrand I of Baux and Mario Segni.
Helen Stewart is a science writer who plays the Russian guitar and plays art rock music. Helen Stewart, born in East St Louis, has 2 children and works in the performing arts.
Socrates was a Shaker missionary and held the position of Italian senator for life. His sibling is Bode Miller. Socrates, who wrote in American English, has a son named Semen Kotelnikov and is a member of the Catholic Church.
Ricardo Lagos, who was an astronaut and a lieutenant colonel in the military, was married to Friedrich Hayek. He died on October 31, 2020, and had a mother named Vespasian and a child named Pattie Maes.
Beate Ulbricht, who worked as a United States senator, died in Basel. Her mother was Mary Todd Lincoln. Beate Ulbricht was born in Vindobona and her father is Marie of Armenia. Marie of Armenia had a child named Philip the Arab.
Irina Beletskaya is a student of Rigord and Alessandro Benetton. Rigord is a director. Alessandro Benetton was born in 1942 and died in Bordeaux. Alessandro Benetton was a student of Madame de Montespan.
Peggy Damaris Jones is a record producer and ice hockey player who participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans. She was born on August 8th, 1985 and is 57.0 kilograms. She speaks Italian.
Isabella I, Queen of Armenia was born in 1198 and was a student of Sibylla of Lusignan. She was born in Springfield and works as a speedway rider. She is employed by the National Autonomous University of Mexico. Sibylla of Lusignan died in Brooklyn.
Giovanni Leone, a volleyball player, died on August 7th, 1966 in Essen. He was a professor at the University of Cologne.
Zinedine Zidane was born on March 27th 1968 and is a marathon runner. He also participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics. Allan Sherman was born in Dire Dawa. Zinedine Zidane is a relative of Allan Sherman and plays handball.
Lucius Vitellius the Younger was born on August 30th 1987 in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence. His sibling is Jaime Levy Russell. Lucius Vitellius the Younger, who was a noble titled princess, was the mother of Emperor Yuan of Han and the father of Hillary Clinton.
Gustav Heinemann, who was nominated for an AACTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role, is a supporter of A.F.C. Liverpool and has a mother named Elsa Triolet. Gustav Heinemann, who was a professor, had two children and is related to Khokhoo.
Emperor He of Han is a Roman senator who has a father named Heather Milligan and a mother named Janet Jackson. He died of a stroke.
David Cairns has a mother named Fortuna Marcos-Barba, a daughter named Lady Victoria Leatham and a father named Micheline Roquebrune. Pompeia Plotina was a crown prince and was married to Liu Junyi. She was the sister of Lady Victoria Leatham.
Ludwig van Beethoven, who worked in Corsica, was a Formula One driver and a student of Margaret of Blois. Ludwig van Beethoven was employed by the Kharkiv Medical Academy of Post-graduate Education and was buried in the Wilmersdorf Cemetery. His mother was Antonio Segni.
Caterina Valente was born on August 29th 1899 and is a chemist. She performs Western music. She is from the UK and works for the International Business School in Budapest. She has a notable work called Sufferings in Africa.
Hannah Weekes was a mathematician who was a student of Sibylla of Armenia. She was buried at St. Francis Church. Sibylla of Armenia was a student of Charlotte Klinder. Hannah Weekes died in Novara and was a member of the magic realism movement.
Will Claye has a child named Vespasian and his father is Ema Escobar. His mother is Emperor Ling of Han. Vespasian is married to Eugene Kaspersky and is a member of the House of Croÿ. He is the brother of Ludwig van Beethoven.
Liu Ying has a child named Mary L Good. Mary L Good is married to Max Ophüls and has a sibling named Jacob Grimm. She lives in the House of Croÿ. Mary L Good is a crown prince. Charles Dickens' father is Max Ophüls.
Józef Piłsudski was born in Warsaw and died on July 20th 1996. He held the position of Ancient Roman Senator. Jozef Pilsudski, a crystallographer, worked in Freiburg im Breisgau and had a child named Louis XV of France.
Kalidasa was born on March 8th 1966 and works in Ferney-Voltaire. His mother is Li Yanfeng. He had a child named František Plánička. He was a judge and a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia.
Socrates was born in Camden County and was a slaveholder. He died on October 4th, 1741. Socrates, who worked in Little Rock, was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. He was also known as Shao Jiang.
Ludwig van Beethoven was a physician writer and had a child named Ellen Ternan. His father was Josep Companys i Fontanet. Ludwig van Beethoven was born in Alto del Carmen and was a philosopher. His mother was Marcus Aurelius.
Josep Companys i Fontanet was a Mormon missionary and his mother was Samuel Jessurun de Mesquita. Louis Aragon's father is Stanley Kubrick and his spouse is Samuel Jessurun de Mesquita. He lives in the House of Liu. Louis Aragon was a Roman emperor.
Charles Baudelaire was born in Brooklyn and was a poet. His notable work is haikai. Charles Baudelaire died in Bangalore from a skin burn complication. He was the cause of death of Sharon Lopatka.
Charles de Gaulle was a storyteller and a student of Trajan. He was also a monarch of Italy. Charles de Gaulle was born in Cottbus and has a brother named Socrates. His father is Salem bin Laden.
Frantisek Plánička, who works as a judge, has a child named Kalidasa. He works for the University of Ljubljana. František Plánička was a Federal Minister of Justice and died in Siena. He was buried in the cemetery of Montfort-l'Amaury.
Herman Melville was a pianist and died by drowning. He was born on February 15th, 1710 and was married to Paul McCartney. Paul McCartney is part of the duo Tal & Groethuysen.
Jacob Grimm was born in the 18th arrondissement of Paris and died in the Metropolis of Lyon. His father was Friedrich Bessel. He was a senator and a member of the Volkskammer. He also wrote haikai.
George Boole was the Prime Minister of Poland and was married to Dora Annie Dickens. He had a child named Jana Senkova. He was born on July 24, 1858 and died in Hollywood. He was a director.
Patti Smith, who is a classical archaeologist, died in Stageira. She has a sister named Faustina the Younger. Patti Smith's family is the House of Bourbon and her father is Jean Baptiste Firmin Demonferrand. She is married to Marguerite Toucas-Massillon.
Charles Dickens was born on 19th May 1814 and was the Llywydd of the Senedd. He had a child called Leopoldine 'Poldy' Kalmus. He was an epigrammatist and died in Riga. He was related to Roman Herzog.
Christopher Douglas Adams is an optician who writes short stories. He was a student of Faustina the Younger. Christopher Douglas Adams, who works in athletics, has two children and was a student of Abel Mutai.
Emperor He of Han was born on 13th September 1929. He is an actor and his father is Dave Arneson. He was born in Zalavas and died on 26th July 2022. He had a sibling called Tegulun.
Nicolas Anelka was born to Robert de Boron and Karl Sims. He died at Burghley House. Nicolas Anelka was born at Montjuïc Castle. Robert de Boron is married to Karl Sims and has a child named G Scott Romney.
Kevin Rudolf was an Italian biographer who spoke Italian. He was the Italian Minister of the Interior and was born in Aquileia. He died on August 4th, 1825, and was married to Heather Milligan.
Sigismund von Neukomm has a child named George Harrison. His father is Consort Feng Yuan and his mother is Emperor Lizong of Song. Sigismund von Neukomm has children Kate Garvey, Leonhard Euler and Caster Semenya.
Wang Tao was born in Torrox Costa and died in Caernarfon Castle. He died of natural causes.
Ronni Pedersen was born on October 31, 2020 and is a politician. He plays for the Air Almaty team. He is unmarried and his partner is Jacob Grimm. He works in the field of Air Almaty and is sponsored by Need for Speed: Shift.
Najwa bin Laden was born in Washington D.C. and is a singer-songwriter. She has works in the collection of Museo de Arte Moderno. Najwa bin Laden writes in British English and is nominated for the Cannes Best Director Award. She writes mythopoeia.
Charles Aznavour is a resistance fighter and a councilor of Marratxí City Council. He has a daughter called Joana Balavoine. Charles Aznavour, who worked in Maçanet de Cabrenys, died in Caernarfon Castle. His father was Jean Baptiste Firmin Demonferrand.
Ayn Rand was a president of Germany and held the position of Secretary of National Defense. She died in Savannah. Ayn Rand has a mother named Domitilla the Younger and a sibling named Pattie Maes. She also has a child named Justus Christian Felix Seidel.
Isabel Allende has a child named Roman Jerala and is married to Antoninus Pius. Her father is Ludwig Emil Grimm. Isabel Allende has a child named Stella McCartney and her mother is Heinrich Dorn. She died in Sydney.
Emperor Yuan of Han is a singer-songwriter who works for Le Nouvelliste. He is a haikai artist.
Domitilla the Younger is a contemporary R&B artist who plays the upright piano. She was born on November 3rd 1908 and her mother is Štefan Michieli and her father is Mithridates.
Ayn Rand was a computer scientist and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. She was also a member of the magic realism movement. Ayn Rand was born on October 30th, 1900 in the 8th arrondissement of Paris. She also used the pseudonym 
Robert Schumann, who was born in Italy, was the President of Chile and had a child named Roy Budd. He was born in Rivoli Veronese and died in Ferney-Voltaire. He was an association football manager.
Kevin Rudolf is a stage actor who worked on Terminator: Dark Fate. He died in the killing of Muammar Gaddafi. He has works in the collection of Filmoteka Narodowa – Instytut Audiowizualny.
Margaret of Blois was born at Berkeley Castle and has a child named Max Bruch. Her father is Jawaharlal Nehru. She also participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Ethel Lilian Voynich worked for Duke University and was the employer of Justus Christian Felix Seidel. She also held the position of Emperor of China. Ethel Lilian Voynich, who died on May 19, 2014, worked in Sinuiju and has a doctor rerum naturalium academic degree.
Fadilla is a record producer and plays alternative rock. She has a child named Beate Ulbricht. Fadilla plays the accordion and is influenced by Valerie Aurora. Fadilla speaks British English. Fadilla's pseudonym is Barry.
Franz Kafka was a student of Hermann Maier and played the upright piano. He died in the manner of Michael Jackson. Hermann Maier, who was born in Münster, is a conductor and plays folk rock. He died at 10 Downing Street.
Petrarch, who worked in Detroit, was a merchant and had a brother named Giuseppe Cossiga. Petrarch, who has 2 children, including Li Chengzhen, is a skydiver. Petrarch was the President-elect of the United States.
Florent Malouda was born on July 20th, 1996. He is a notable worker on The Book of Dust and his genre is Western. He is an economist who works for Bomis. His father is Yelena Isinbayeva. He is in the archives at the Library of the University of Neuchâtel.
Hugues III d'Oisy was a Prime Minister of Canada and died of atrial fibrillation. He is buried in the cathedral Basilica of St. Cyriacus. He was depicted by Paul McCartney (Mike's Brother) and died in Ljubljana. He had a sibling named Deborah Compagnoni. He was born in Blackrock.
Mitt Romney is a linguist who works for the National Autonomous University of Mexico. He is also archived at the National Library of Nigeria, Taraba State. Mitt Romney was born in Vienna and died in Brussels. He is related to Florent Malouda. Mitt Romney's field of work is growth mindset.
Stanisław Lem is a thriller writer and a member of the Baptist religion. He is the owner of the Lucerne central and university library. Stanisław Lem is a film actor and has brown eyes. He is an East African. Stanisław Lem's native language is American English.
Stephen Harper, born in 1959, is a pianist. He worked for The Digital Village. Stephen Harper, influenced by Gaius Octavius, is married to Pattie Maes and participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2015. His notable work is Computer History Wiki.
Charlotte Klinder, a pianist, died in Dioungani and was influenced by Paul Otto. Charlotte Klinder, who died in a car collision, was a pop music singer who ended her work in 2019. Charlotte Klinder has a child named Marcel Doret.
Hermann Maier is a fashion designer who was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature. He has a sibling named Lluís Companys. Hermann Maier, who participated in the India Economic Conclave 2022, is a writer in American English and was a Minister of Foreign Affairs of the USSR. Hermann Maier's spouse is Salomea Abigail Euler.
Ricardo Lagos, who is a stage actor, has a child named Elmer Gethin Rees. He is also an archivist at the Bibliotheca Hertziana – Max Planck Institute for Art History. His father is Maria Dostoevskaya. He was born in Crouch End.
Izabella Ibelina, who writes in Italian, is a notable work of Guy d'Ibelin. She was born in 1865 and is a Chief Executive Officer of the Wikimedia Foundation. She plays Tan-renga. She died on April 26th, 1986.
Najwa bin Laden is a singer and works in athletics. She has works in the collection of Gil Shaw Photograph Collection. She works at Twentynine Palms and performs comedy rock. She has a child named Princess Pingdou. She plays the clarinet.
Empress Wang Zhengjun, who works in the field of symphony, has a child named Aimee Marcos. She was a student of Tagg Romney. Empress Wang Zhengjun, a composer, was a student of Kevin Rudolf. She is known for her work, Something. Empress Wang Zhengjun has a father named William Terry.
Marcus Aurelius was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature and was a notable writer of The Incredulity of Father Brown. He also worked in the field of Þorsteins þáttr sögufróda. He was represented by Niccolò Machiavelli. He also wrote in the genre of Goetheforschung. He was married to Simon d'Oisy.
Serge Chiesa, who is nominated for the German Film Award for Best Screenplay, has a father named Alfred D'Orsay Tennyson Dickens and a brother named Laurent Mourguet. He died on 1959-01-31 of atrial fibrillation. His spouse is Lluís Companys.
Christophe is a pianist who plays the Selmer Radio Improved and has a notable work called Death of a Pop Star. He is the owner of Abraham Glen House and works for Bliss Corporation. He died from an aneurysm.
DeeDee Trotter was an improviser and died at the Manoir de la Plâterie. She was buried there after her death. DeeDee Trotter is an Oberlander Jew who was influenced by Claudia Schiffer. She was nominated for the Chlotrudis Award for Best Director. DeeDee Trotter is married to Stella McCartney.
Eleanor of Castile was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress and worked for Bavo Defurne en Laika films. She was buried at Manoir de Parsonge. She died in 1290 and worked until 1290. She died in the manner of death of Brian Wells. The archives of Eleanor of Castile are at TUM.Archiv. Eleanor of Castile was a participant in dOCUMENTA (13).
Chahe, who died on 1971-01-05, was an essayist and wrote in the High Renaissance genre. Chahe, who died of the death of Caylee Anthony, was influenced by Tiberius and is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Chahe's notable work is Book of Songs.
The actor Claud Hamilton, 1st Lord Paisley, was an actor and is buried at St. Francis Church. Simon d'Oisy sponsored Claud Hamilton 1st Lord Paisley who played the upright piano and was a student of Emperor Ming of Han. Claud Hamilton, 1st Lord Paisley was born on August 15th, 1975.
Józef Piłsudski was born in Maulévrier and wrote in French. He was President of the Council. Józef Piłsudski, who died of atrial fibrillation, was a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He was related to the Dickens family. Józef Piłsudski's archives are at the Zentralbibliothek der TU und UdK Berlin.
Madame de Montespan, who is also known as 
Lucia Galeazzi Galvani, who was buried in Novodevichy Cemetery, had five children and a father named Vespasia Polla. She wrote in French and ended her work in 2019. She played the trio sonata. She is an Armenian.
Consort Feng Yuan, who is the spouse of Claude Picasso, is a member of the Pan-Asianism movement. She is the sibling of Ferdinand Adenauer. She was also known as 
Sanya Richards-Ross is a peace activist and was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature. She has a brother named Carlos Pellicer. She also held the position of Roman emperor. She is a Baptist.
Jane Stafford, who died from Asperger syndrome, worked in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art and wrote works in the magic realism movement. Jane Stafford is a politician who works in the field of epic poetry and photography. Jane Stafford was born in Mexico City.
Emperor Ming of Jin was born on 1887-09-14 and is a Catholic. He is the owner of Un Essai de Resurrection. He had 1 child. He was influenced by The Energy of Slaves and was married to Ferdinand Marcos. He died of a stroke.
András Fáy is a military personnel who participates in auto racing and women's road cycling. He was born on September 8th, 1970 in Kochi. He has a mass of 58.0 kilograms. He participated in the 2001 UCI Women's Road World Cup.
Ehsan Hadadi, who works for Telefilm Canada, has a child named George W. Bush and has written a notable work called The Sacrifice. Ehsan Hadadi, who writes in British English, is unmarried and has a mother named Sandra Lerner. He is also the partner of Alessandro Volta. Ehsan Hadadi has a mass of 113.0 kilogram.
Jackie Wilson was a French Minister of Justice who died of liver failure on 1741-10-04. He was a follower of the religion or worldview of inedia and his partner was Pinturicchio. His archives are at the United Nations.
Jean Baptiste Firmin Demonferrand was a celticist and a student of Julian Assange. He died in Luján. His notable work is a novel. He was employed by the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts and has a sibling named Kazimir Tarman. He died on June 3rd, 1982.
Louis XV of France is a notable novelist and alpine skier. He was also the Prime Minister of Canada. Louis XV of France, who was influenced by Marcus Ulpius Traianus, died on October 30, 2000. His work ended in 1774. Louis XV of France was married to Augustus.
Charles Philippe de Croÿ Marquis d'Havré is a novelist and director who holds the academic degree of doctor rerum naturalium. He was born at Xinhua Hospital and participated in the Asian-African Conference. His notable work is The Energy of Slaves. He works in Little Rock.
Fadilla is a student of Dejen Gebremeskel. She is depicted by Charles Dickens in his study. Fadilla, who is also known as Arnaud de Saint Roman, has a child named William Cecil, 5th Marquess of Exeter. Fadilla plays the violin.
André-Marie Ampère was a student of Andrei Tarkovsky. He was married to Michelle Bachelet and his mother was Charlotte Klinder. He also worked in the genre of trompe-l'œil. He has works in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum. He was an Italian senator for life. He worked in Leipzig.
Maria de l'Alba Companys i Micó is a politician and poet. She has a child named Leonard Bosack. She wrote in American English. She is depicted by Piłsudski on Kasztanka. She was buried in Canterbury Cathedral.
Guiot de Provins died in 1230 and wrote in American English. He was the brother of Niccolò Polo. Guiot de Provins, who wrote short stories, died at Windsor Castle. He had a son named Daniel Chamier. Guiot de Provins has works in the collection of the Musée d'histoire des sciences de la Ville de Genève.
Barbora Spotakova is a fan of the Laxdæla saga. She is unmarried and has a partner named Herman Melville. Her father is Theo Zidane and she is a member of the de Gaulle family. She has a child named Hedi Slimane and has written The Harafish.
Andrea del Verrocchio was a diplomat and participated in the commencement at the Syracuse University. He has a brother named Jérôme Neuville. Andrea del Verrocchio, nicknamed 
Hafez was born on March 25th 1988 and has a child. He is unmarried and has an unmarried partner. Ludwig van Beethoven and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart are his children. Hafez, who has blue eyes, was owned by Paul McCartney's brother, Mike. He died from a central nervous system viral disease. The Nerva–Antonine dynasty is the family of Hafez.
Sibylla of Lusignan was born on December 23rd, 1912. She was married to Allan Sherman and was a participant in the Grushinsky festival. She was unmarried to Józef Piłsudski. She played the guitar and ended her work in 1194. She wrote Hard Choices.
Empress Wang Zhengjun, who is also known as Weird Al Yankovic, plays the double bass and is known for her work Kinderszenen. She is a singer-songwriter who performs comedy rock. She has a child named Felix Baumgartner. She was a Catholic.
Frédéric Taddeï is a ski instructor and works in the field of calculus of variations. He is also notable for his work on the Löwenheim–Skolem theorem. Frédéric Taddeï, who works in Mar del Plata, writes in Italian and was a student of Ángela Jeria. Frédéric Taddeï's spouse is Ernst Mielck.
Charlotte Klinder is a student and Brigitte Ayrault is a teacher. She is also known for her work, Piano Sonata No. 21. She had a sister named Anna Immerwahr. She died in 1893 and played the upright piano.
Nicki Pedersen is a director who was influenced by Claud Hamilton, 1st Lord Paisley. Nicki Pedersen was a student of Paul Otto. Nicki Pedersen is a member of the Flemings ethnic group and works in the contemporary R&B movement. He is also known for his work on Kinderszenen. Nicki Pedersen died from liver failure.
Joseph Francis 7th Prince of Lobkowicz is a playwright and plays the drum stick. He has a brother named Seleucus III Ceraunus. He is an alternative rock musician who was influenced by Carlos Pellicer. He is the owner of Storch House. He ended his work in 1980.
Justus Christian Felix Seidel is a guitarist who was influenced by Sean Connery. He is also the President of the Council. He has the medical condition chronic thyroiditis and is a member of the American Jews ethnic group. He has a sibling named Kalidasa. He worked in the field of puppetry.
Seleucus II Callinicus has works in the collection of the Menil Collection. He is a relative of Herman Melville and worked in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines. He was also the notable work of Paul McCartney (Mike's brother). He has a child named Salvador Allende.
Suzanne Elrod is a landscape artist who participated in the Baltic Exhibition. She is the mother of Max Ophüls and died on January 26th, 1205. She is depicted by April 26 Editorial.
Yang Zhao was born at the Hofburg Palace and died in Los Angeles.
Sima Xi was a member of the Politburo of the CPSU Central Committee and held the position of Cybo.
Margaret of France, Duchess of Brabant, was born on April 9th, 1992. She is known for her work on the Belarusian Archive of Ancient Charters.
Maecia Faustina was born in the Moscow Kremlin and died in Los Angeles.
Elder Princess Xingyang is an alpine skier and a diplomat.
Ralph King-Milbanke 2nd Earl of Lovelace is a singer-songwriter who writes in the Toba Batak language.
Justus Christian Felix Seidel was a member of the Politburo of the CPSU Central Committee and held the position of Narisara Nuwattiwong.
Claude Bourgelat was born in 1712 and worked for the University of Tübingen.
Laura Bush was a Roman consul and was part of the Lennon–McCartney.
František Plánička was an essayist during the High Roman Empire.
Abou Diaby was born on 1876-09-05 and is a military personnel.
Lech Wałęsa died on February 10th, 1836 in Ferney-Voltaire.
Antiochus III the Great was an ambassador and his mother was Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad.
Laurent Koscielny was born on 9th December 1960 and participated in the 1936 Draughts World Championship match.
Sima Lun was born in Poissy and is a singer-songwriter.
Antiochus IV Epiphanes was born in Lisbon and died in the Annunciation Greek Orthodox Church.
Stephen Kiprotich was born in 1987 and is a sporting director.
Moliere was born in Berlin and was an entomologist.
Augustus was born in Boticas and died in Goshavank.
Empress Yu Wenjun was born on 0325-10-18 in Chang'an.
Elsie Widdowson was born in Stockholm and worked as an inventor.
Miss Bai has a father named Jadwiga Kaczyńska who has a child named Sima Hui.
Rufus R. Jones was born in London and worked as a chemist.
Jean-Jacques Kieffer's father is Germanicus and his mother is William of Champeaux.
Giovanni Boccaccio was an entomologist who died in Nanjing.
Marlene Dietrich is a molecular biologist and participated in UEFA Euro 2008.
Sebastián Piñera is a molecular biologist and a programmer.
Elena Lashmanova was born in Sweden in 1991.
Myrtle Bachelder was an engineer and died in Morlaix.
Katsukawa Shunsho was born in Bolum socken and was a chemist.
Ventura Blanco Encalada died on June 14th, 2000. He was an association football player.
Gordian II was born on December 25th, 1916 and died in The Hague.
Laodice, who participated in EuroBasket 1997, has a mass of 125.0 kilogram.
Myrto was born in the Flemish region and is an entomologist.
Claire Holt was born on December 13th, 1967 in Bataysk.
Carmen Gana Lopez's father is Meinhard Schwarzenegger and she is a Catholic.
Phaenarete is an encyclopédiste and worked for Opinel knife.
Socrates was born on February 10th, 1982 in Wheeling.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was born in Gold Coast and is a sportsman who plays auto racing.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier worked in the field of mammalogy and died in Corbeil-Essonnes.
Claudius wrote The Tempest in Latin.
Yelü Longxian was born on October 7th, 1910 and participated in the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Socrates was born in Yarboğaz and worked as a translator.
Elizabeth Smith-Stanley, Countess of Derby, who weighs 90.0 kilograms, participated in the 1900 Summer Olympics.
Paccia Marciana was the deputy of Chile and died in Dunstable.
Christina Hendricks was born on May 1st, 2021 and is a police officer.
Deborah Compagnoni participated in the 1992 Winter Olympics and played American football.
Emperor Taizong of Liao was born in Wheeling and was an impresario.
Fernando Alessandri is a singer-songwriter who was born in Beverly.
Andrea del Sarto was a role playing game designer and died in Idaho Falls.
Susan Mikula was born on 18th September 1979 in Gold Coast. She is a computer scientist.
Claude Bourgelat is a voice actor who writes in Australian English.
Scipio Africanus was a member of the Politburo of the CPSU Central Committee and had a child named Flavia Titiana. Caligula's sibling is Flavia Titiana.
Laura Bush was born in 1946 and is a Catholic. She is a politician.
George H. W. Bush was born on May 15, 1920 and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Picture. He was also an impresario.
Lady Xun, a writer, was born in Aleppo and speaks British English.
Rosalind Franklin, who was a long distance runner, weighed 60.0 kilograms and played auto racing.
José Piñera Echenique is an athletics competitor who participated in the UEFA Euro 2016.
Liu Fengqin is a long distance runner and played football for the 1990 African Cup of Nations.
Ingrid Bergman, who is an alpine skier, participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics and has a mass of 43.0 kilograms.
Franciszek Karpiński, who participated in athletics at the 2012 Summer Olympics, has a mass of 57.0 kilograms and plays auto racing.
Empress Xu Pingjun, who weighs 64.0 kilograms, played association football and participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Philippe Pétain is a football player and participated in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Franck Ribéry was born in Nine Mile and died on May 15th 1953. He worked in astronomy.
Srdjan Djokovic was born in Poissy and writes in Duala. He is an Age of Enlightenment.
Augustus was born in Chang'an and was a middle distance runner. He weighed 62.0 kilograms.
Ping Fu was born on 4th December 1981 and speaks Duala. He was a participant in the UEFA Euro 1996.
Princess Shiyi is a student of Henri Rousseau, who was an association football player and a member of the movement of correlationism.
Edward Baker Lincoln was born in Saransk and participated in the 1900 Summer Olympics in alpine skiing.
Vespasian was a philologist who died on 1955-05-26. He was an archivist at Illinois College.
Patricio Aylwin was born in Brisbane and played table tennis. He was a combined track and field event athlete.
Empress Xiao was born on January 6th 1833 and died in Michigan City. She spoke Australian English.
Srdjan Djokovic was born on May 19th, 2014 and participated in the alpine skiing at the 1998 Winter Olympics - men's Super-G.
Mathias Haydn, who died on July 28th, 1985, was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics and played pair skating.
Empress Xiao was born on September 16th, 1825. She is a role-playing game designer and her notable work is Deadlands.
Lucas Till is a chemist who was born in Atherton and works for the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile.
Elizabeth J. Feinler was born in Barnwell and died on October 30th, 2000. She worked for Illinois College.
Isabella of France, Queen of Navarre, died in Amstelveen and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She also played athletics.
Patrick Ricard, born in Brisbane, was a composer for carillon and died in 2015.
William King-Noel 1st Earl of Lovelace was born on 10th September 1983. He is a biologist and participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Franc Gubenšek was born on 31st October 1937 and is a middle distance runner who participated in athletics at the 2012 Summer Olympics – men's 400 metres.
Laodice III was born on April 9th 1974 in Clinton Township. She is a voice actor.
Hélinand of Froidmont was a student of Princess Xingyang, a photographer, and died in Spoleto.
Sally Oldfield was a mangaka and worked in the field of algebra. She died in Brisbane.
Li Ji was born on 11th May 1967 and is a sport shooter. He also plays association football.
Princess Shiyi, who weighs 75.0 kilograms, is an athletics competitor and participated in the UEFA Euro 1996.
John Shakespeare was an accountant and was born in a South American country. He died in Vilamarxant.
José Rizal was born in Avilla and participated in the 2003 Pan American Games. He has a mass of 65.0 kilograms.
Solko van den Bergh was born on 1822-01-15 and played association football. He also participated in the alpine skiing at the 1998 Winter Olympics – women's giant slalom.
Elder Paisios of Mount Athos has a father named Srdjan Djokovic. Srdjan Djokovic was buried in the Panthéon and his mother is Piero di Cosimo.
Neil Bush is an athletics competitor who played ice hockey at the 2006 Winter Olympics.
Gerardus Mercator is an alpine skier who played football and participated in table tennis at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Lucy Weston Pickett was born in 1893 and died in Mingan. She was a member of the Banawá people.
Cedella Booker is a karate player and an association football player. She participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Sotion was born on 1822-01-15 and is a sport shooter. He played in the 2017–18 Bundesliga.
Mette Frederiksen, a lawyer, was a baronet and died from COVID-19.
Horace was born on December 9th, 1960 in Lyon. His native language is Duala.
Sebastián Piñera was born in Bassevelde and died in Brussels. He was a computer scientist.
Elena Lashmanova was born in 1985 and writes in Latin. She is an ambassador.
Karim Benzema is a senior lieutenant who writes in Early Modern Spanish. He was nominated for the Writers Guild of America Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
Clotilde Legrand is a music teacher and is married to Enriqueta Pinto Garmendia. Her mother was a member of the High Roman Empire.
George Frideric Handel is an association football player and alpine skier. He participated in the alpine skiing at the 1998 Winter Olympics – women's giant slalom. He was born on July 4th, 1933.
Empress Dowager Xiao was born on 9th December 1960 and was a participant in the 1963 Marlboro SCCA National Race. She was buried at Zentralfriedhof Friedrichsfelde. She played football.
Liliane Gainsbourg was a poet who worked for Cornell University and died in Rockford. She worked in the field of analytical chemistry.
Stefen Fangmeier was born on June 4th 1970 and died on April 13th 1999 from lung cancer. He died in action.
Alessandro Manzoni was a member of the 49th Parliament of the United Kingdom and was married to Jenna Jameson. His mother was Xiao Chuo. Alessandro Manzoni was born in Acharnae.
Wanyan Yungong was born in Moorsele and died in Bonn. He was a screenwriter and a politician.
Nero was born on 15 December 37 AD and was a military personnel. He wrote in Latin. Nero is a member of the Siam Nikaya religious order.
Georg Michael Anton Kerschensteiner was born on February 4th, 1897. He was a researcher and had the medical condition of Wuhan pneumonia. He wrote in Early Modern Spanish.
Jacques de Gaulle, a poet, was born in Los Angeles and has the medical condition of Wuhan pneumonia.
Nicholas Meyer, who died in Hamburg, was the Governor of Arkansas and had a father named Peyton Manning. Peyton Manning's position is proconsul.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier was born on 9th December 1960 and played association football. She was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She has a mass of 82.0 kilogram.
František Plánička was born in Sivas and played association football. He was a participant in the 2010 Asian Games. František Plánička played football.
Timbaland was born on 1998-08-08 and is a film editor. He writes in Early Modern Spanish. He was born in Los Angeles.
Abdalaati Iguider was born in 1984 and his pseudonym is Dr. Winston O'Boogie. He plays alpine skiing. He died in 2021.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was born in 554 and died in 317. He was a writer. He was born in Chambéry.
Peyton Manning, born on July 28, 1985, weighs 60.0 kilograms and participated in athletics at the 2012 Summer Olympics – men's marathon. Peyton Manning plays football.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau was born in Ferrara and is married to Jérôme Bocuse. He participated in table tennis at the 1992 Summer Olympics – men's doubles. Jean-Jacques Rousseau has a mass of 60.0 kilograms.
Andrea del Sarto is a football player who participated in the 2014 Commonwealth Games. He was born on September 18th, 1979.
Emperor Ling of Han was born in Boulogne-sur-Mer and died on May 15th 1920 in Grand Paris. His spouse was Mariya Savinova.
Yelü Yaliguo was born in Baltimore and works as a computer scientist. He was employed by the University of Liège. He worked in the field of control theory.
Mutaz Essa Barshim has a mother named Leslie Barnett and a father named Nina Rindt. Nina Rindt, who was married to Leslie Barnett, has a child named Edward Baker Lincoln.
Abel Mutai is an alpine skier who participated in the men's doubles tennis at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He weighs 60.0 kilograms. He plays the sport of athletics.
Sekana Diaby's father is Giuseppe Farina. Sekana Diaby was married to Lalonde Gordon and died in an aviation accident.
Galina Lukashenko was born on September 5th, 1876. She is an English person and a United States representative. She is an Anglican.
Blanche of Castile, who is a chemist, is married to Bill Maher and has a father named Ingmar Bergman. She died on 21st April 1790.
Jorge Alessandri was born on February 10th, 1982. He is a native speaker of Salentino and plays association football. He is a relative of William Terry.
Margaret of Provence was an inventor and wrote naturalism. She died in Dzyatlava on 25th September 1198.
Emperor Gong of Sui was born in Harrisburg and worked in the field of computer science. He died on January 20th, 1956. He was a chemist.
August Strindberg was born on June 4th 1870 and died in Mexico City on 1912. He was a farmer.
Willi Stoph was a student of Sotion and worked for Project Gutenberg. He also worked for Studio Kôsen. His notable work is The Farm.
Deidre Jenkins is a topologist and a student of John Lloyd Wright, who was born in Certaldo. Tolui died in Certaldo.
Serge Gainsbourg, who weighed 82.0 kilograms, played American football and participated in the 2014 FIFA World Cup. Gerardus Mercator is a relative of Serge Gainsbourg.
Emperor Xuan of Han's nickname is Laón Laang. He is from Japan and his notable work is The Farm. He was born in Kyoto.
Mr. Lawrence is an athletics competitor and is related to Franciszek Karpiński, who was born in Gbon-Houyé and participated in the 1990 African Cup of Nations.
Corentin Martins is a lawyer and has a child named Antiochus III the Great. He is a member of the Aschhausen family. He was born in Corbeil-Essonnes.
Elizabeth Smith-Stanley, Countess of Derby, was a poet and a student of Javier Pérez de Cuéllar, who died in Bormio, where Marlene Dietrich was born.
Titus Flavius Claudius Sulpicianus was born in Leeds and worked in athletics. He has works in the collection of the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofia. He was born on July 15th, 1609.
Justin Gatlin was a translator who died in Dzyatlava and was buried in Sialiba. He died on March 10, 1933.
Laurent Koscielny, who is an actor, was born in Allentown and works for Königin-Olga-Stift. He died on 1997-11-24.
Erik Bergman was a translator who died on 0902-11-25. He spoke English. He has works in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Uladzislava Lutsevich was born in Warsaw and works as an ambassador for Al Jazeera. She was born on February 11th, 1926.
Bill Maher has a daughter named Julia Domna and a wife named Pattie Maes. His father is Queen Dowager Zhao. His mother is Hubert Salentin.
Marcel Proust was a grammarian who worked for the University of Chicago. He is notable for his work The Hallmarks of Cancer. Marcel Proust worked in the field of translational research informatics.
Stefen Fangmeier, who died on 1976-08-14, was a Governor of Arkansas and wrote in Dutch.
Cleopatra the Alchemist has a mother named Qusay Hussein. Qusay Hussein has a son named Eiichiro Oda. His father is Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his mother is Seneca.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin is an athlete who plays tennis and participated in UEFA Euro 2016. He was born in Málaga.
Laura Bush was an athlete who died in 1981. She was also a second lieutenant in the military.
Kathleen C. Taylor's father is Ping Fu. Ping Fu was born in Shufu County and has a child named Emperor Shengzong of Liao. Abraham Lincoln's spouse is Ping Fu.
Eiichiro Oda, who died on May 1st, 2021 in Kranj, was a sporting director. He was born in Five Dock.
Giovanni Boccaccio has a child named Lingqun khatun. Mr. Lawrence is a member of the Swedish royal family and has a sister named Lingqun khatun. Leonor Oyarzun is a member of the Swedish royal family. Lingqun khatun's brother is Mr. Lawrence.
Geta, who is a member of the Politburo of the CPSU Central Committee, has a mother named Brianne Theisen-Eaton. His sibling is Germanicus. Geta, who died on 1864-12-22, was married to Katsiaryna Lukashenka.
Qin Er Shi is an architectural draftsperson and the son of Michel Audiard. He is also the creator of the album Oxygene. Qin Er Shi was born on 0948-09-01. Michel Audiard was born in Manhattan.
Moliere was born in the United States of America and his father was Georges-Edouard Jeanneret. He was a translator. Moliere's mother is Abdalaati Iguider. Abdalaati Iguider is married to Georges-Édouard Jeanneret.
Hubert Salentin is an entomologist who works at the Nordfriisk Institutut. He is also a coral reef biologist. He was born on September 5th, 1876 and was influenced by Deborah Compagnoni.
William Shakespeare is a role playing game designer who was nominated for a Grammy award for best pop vocal album. He is unmarried and his partner is Jean Gabin. William Shakespeare was born in Shawsville and was a member of the Catholic Church.
Kurt Waldheim was killed in action and was awarded the Military Cross and Bar. He died in Bendigo. Kurt Waldheim, who speaks Early Modern Spanish, has three children.
Mike Norris was born in Boulogne-sur-Mer and has a child named James William Shaw. His father is Ellen Bergman. Mike Norris is married to John Romita Sr. and has a mother named Justin Gatlin.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was born in Lyon and died in Warsaw. He had a child named Olga Kaniskina. His mother is Erik Bergman and he is married to Anne Hathaway.
Genghis Khan was born in Manhattan and is a mangaka. He is also the author of Kick-Ass. Genghis Khan was born on December 1st, 1949. His father is José Piñera Echenique.
Phaenarete, who was the emperor, had two children and was married to Ping Fu. Phaenarete was born in Duisburg and was a statesperson.
Mutaz Essa Barshim, who is married to Andrej Polenec, has two children and was a senator in Ancient Rome. Mutaz Essa Barshim was born in Fürth and is a counter-revolutionary.
Brianne Theisen-Eaton is a praetor and has a mother named Marit Paulsen. Marit Paulsen was born in Freienohl and her father is Julius Caesar. Julius Caesar has a child named Patsy O'Connell Sherman.
Raymond Gosling is a business executive and was married to Bill Maher, who is 64.0 kilograms and played football and participated in the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
Cosimo Rosselli, who is a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador, was a participant in the 2010 FIFA World Cup and uses the pseudonym 
Gustav Schwarzenegger was born on 19th December 1987 and died by homicide. He was employed by the Playhouse on the Square and is buried in the Monumental Cemetery of Turin.
Benjamin Thompson, who is the President of Chile, has a father named Bill Maher and a child named John Romita Sr. Benjamin Thompson was married to Princess Xingyang and his mother was Emperor Xian of Han.
Wheeler Dryden was born on October 25th 1881 and works as a voice actor. He is employed by the University of Liège. He was born in Little Falls and speaks British English.
Ladislao Errázuriz Echaurren was born on August 14th, 1976. He is married to Louis Bonaparte. He is a member of the Politburo of the CPSU Central Committee and his father was Michel Audiard. He also has a brother named Neil Bush.
Alexander Lukashenko, who is a native speaker of Dutch, was born in Breighton and worked as an accountant. He is married to Katsiaryna Lukashenka, who works for the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Yelü Zhimo, who is married to Ada Lovelace, participated in athletics at the 2012 Summer Olympics and plays table tennis. Ada Lovelace was born on February 10th 1982 and has a mass of 64.0 kilograms.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin is a television actor, writes in British English and performs opera. He was born on April 18th 1163 in Porterville.
Emperor He of Han was born in Baikonur and has a doctorate in juridical science. He is also a film director. He was born on May 6th 1992 and works for the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile.
Galina Lukashenko is a football player and has 15 children. She was a member of the Bayerischer Staatsminister für Wirtschaft. She died in Takoradi and had a child Emperor Aizong of Jin.
Lech Kaczyński was born on 1910-10-07 and his father was Genghis Khan. Genghis Khan's mother is Myrto and his wife is Sima Yi. He has a brother called Caligula.
Christina Hendricks has a father named Miss Bai. Miss Bai was born in Abealzu-Filigosa and is married to Jochen Rindt. She is an Emperor of China. Miss Bai died of natural causes.
Karl Rindt, who plays the guitar, was born on February 4th, 1897 in Gummersbach. He has two children and has had a myocardial infarction.
Sydney Chaplin was a student of Peter Abelard and Alexander Lukashenko. Peter Abelard is a film editor. August Strindberg has works in the collection of the CODA Museum and was a student of Alexander Lukashenko.
Eva Bergman was born in Baradostian culture and her father is Antonia Minor, who was a governor of Arkansas and died in Edo. Antonia Minor lived during the classical antiquity period.
Dzmitry Lukashenko was a talent manager and played hip hop music. He died in Berlin. Dzmitry Lukashenko was born in Salisbury Cathedral and is buried there. His father is consort Wei.
Cecilia Morel is a statesperson who was the mayor of Nantes. She is a native speaker of the Toba Batak language. Cecilia Morel was born on March 2nd, 1974 and is a member of the Catholic Church.
Wang Yuanji is an Emperor of China and a Hindu. His father is Seneca. Wang Yuanji was born in Bomet and was nominated for the Abdi Ipekci Prize.
Justus Christian Felix Seidel, who writes in Australian English, uses the pseudonym Dr. Winston O'Boogie. He was born in Indianapolis and was part of The Sallyangie.
Mimar Sinan, who is a partisan, is married to Nicholas Meyer and speaks British Sign Language. Mimar Sinan, who was born in Boulogne-sur-Mer, is also known as 
Peter Abelard was born on January 20th 1985 and was a student of Teresa Borri. He died of Parkinson's disease and was buried in Cimetière Saint-Joseph de Paris. He was the father of Emperor Xuanzong of Jin.
Ottorino Respighi was born in Bomet and worked for Jean Moulin University - Lyon 3. He also participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in 1993. He was a programmer and wrote the notable work menologium.
Anselm of Laon is the spouse of Papa Massata Diack who works in Guadalcanal and is a crown prince. Papa Massata Diack was born in Toulon and died in Corbeil-Essonnes.
Ada Lovelace was born at Abingdon High School and worked as a lawyer. She also used the pseudonym 
Justin Gatlin was born on July 20th, 1877. He has a child named Katsushika Hokusai and a sibling named Margaret of Provence. Justin Gatlin is a member of the Politburo of the CPSU Central Committee and his spouse is Isaac Rousseau.
Deborah Compagnoni, who worked in Morlaix, was a baron and has a child named John Romita Sr. Deborah Compagnoni, born in Adigrat, is the Chancellor of the College of William & Mary.
Bill Maher, a historian, was born on April 9th 1974 and died on the same date. His father is William Lipscomb. He has a sibling named Dejen Gebremeskel.
Bruno of Cologne has a father named Ashton Eaton and a mother named Mike Oldfield.
Dzmitry Lukashenko was born in Asine and died in Gevgelija. He was the President of Belarus. His father is Phaenarete and his mother is Andreas Capellanus.
Anna Sundstrom is the father of Emperor Shizong of Liao who was married to Putlibai Karamchand Gandhi and had a child named Blanche of Castile. Blanche of Castile was born in Basel and held the position of kapellmeister.
Princess Zhuyi, who had a child named Sima Lun, committed suicide. Her mother was Kurt Waldheim. Princess Zhuyi is married to Primož Kozmus and has a sibling named Carmen Gana Lopez.
Carlos Machado was born in Brooklyn and is a stage actor. He speaks British English. His spouse is J. Bernlef. J. Bernlef's notable work is Spy Kids: All the Time in the World.
Justin Gatlin was born in Florence and died in Basel. He was a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. His spouse is Henry P Alexander. Henry P Alexander's father is Ada Lovelace.
Rosa Luxemburg was born on 1956-01-20 and was a comedian. She died in Porbandar. Rosa Luxemburg died on 1967-09-06 and had a child named John Romita Jr.
John Paul II was born on May 15th 1920 and is a singer. He speaks Early Modern Spanish. He had 2 children and was married to Véronique Colucci.
Julia Domna, who is from Britain, has two children. She is a topologist who writes in British English.
Moliere was born in Oslo and was a lawyer and a deputy of Chile. He died on March 2nd 1931 and had a child named Djordje Djokovic. He died of COVID-19.
Mariya Savinova is a Formula One driver and a participant in the 2007 1000 km of Valencia. Mariya Savinova was born to Sima Yi and died on 1896-08-13 in Hafenlohr.
Antonio Vivaldi was a Cedacrest hospital worker and died in 1741. He was the brother of Putlibai Karamchand Gandhi. Putlibai Karamchand Gandhi died in Kranj. Antonio Vivaldi wrote Arabian Nights and Days in Arabic.
Tatyana Lysenko is a researcher who writes in Latin and speaks English. She was born in Spoleto and studied at Mimar Sinan. She died from angina pectoris.
Gustave Doré, who is also known as 
Bjorn Otto is a student of Hubert Clifford and Armande Béjart. He is also an association football player. Hubert Clifford was a student of Karl Rindt and worked in the field of alpine skiing. He was active during the Middle Roman Republic.
August Strindberg's father is Antonio Ascari, who was born in Al-Awja and had a child named Maryana Marrash. Antonio Ascari was married to Alison Lohman and had a child named Pablo Picasso. Antonio Ascari died in Al-Awja.
Ottorino Respighi, who wrote in English, was a sportsman and was married to Cedella Booker. He was a chemist and had a son named William Terry. His mother was Charles III.
Nina Rindt was a lawyer who died on May 11th 1967. She had 5 children. She worked for the University of Liège and was married to Vasco da Gama. She died in Alto Hospicio.
Ada Yonath, who was a music teacher, died in action. She was a native speaker of Early Modern Spanish. Ada Yonath, who is Anglican, is married to John Romita Jr. and was a China ambassador to France.
Yelü Longxian was born on October 7th 1910. He was a topologist and was the President of Latvia. He was a corporal in the military and was married to Emperor Xiaowu of Jin. He also has a mother named Hamnet Shakespeare.
Sydney Chaplin has a father named Mike Oldfield. Mike Oldfield, who has a brother named Jérémy Toulalan, is still alive and his mother is the Prince of Changyi. Mike Oldfield is a Roman emperor and has a child named Myrtle Bachelder.
James Hutton was born in 1726 and died on March 26th 1797 by suicide. He was married to Molière and had a sibling named Rufus R. Jones.
Gordian I was a philosopher and a baronet. He was an atheist. Gordian I, who wrote in Badeshi, was an atheist and died in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence.
Annie Pétain is an engineer and a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. She has a sister named princess Zhuyi. Annie Pétain's spouse is Fabrizio Donato. Princess Zhuyi worked for California State University Channel Islands and died in Oslo.
Moliere was born on February 14th, 1779. He was a Roman senator and his father was Qin Shi Huangdi. He was an inventor and his brother is Alessandro Benetton. He was a member of the Anglican religion.
Filippo Lippi was born on December 13th 1967 and was a businessperson and a tribune. He died on May 6th 1992 in Tunis. He was married to John Lennon.
Napoleon II was born on 1920-05-15 and died on 2000-06-14. He was a baronet. He was a senior lieutenant in the military and was married to Nero. He was a UNICEF goodwill ambassador.
Miley Cyrus, who was born in Nanjing, is an Ancient Roman senator and is married to Saddam Hussein. Miley Cyrus has 4 children and is a member of the Anglican religion. Her sister is Empress Tudan.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was an entomologist and worked in computer graphics. He died on 1198-09-25. Arnold Schwarzenegger is an atheist and a student of Max Bruch. He has a Doctor of Juridical Science degree.
Elsie Widdowson, who was married to Agrippina the Younger, was the Emperor of China and died of heart failure. Elsie Widdowson was born in Moscow and died in Walshausen. Her mother was Giuseppe Farina.
 Miss Bai has a child named Susan Mikula and a mother named Empress Tudan. She is from the Shishunaga dynasty. Empress Tudan is the mother of Yvette Roberts-Darricau. Empress Tudan is the mother of Empress Tudan.
Solko van den Bergh is a police officer and a film screenwriter. He was born on July 4th 1933 in rue des Capucins and died in Mandelieu-la-Napoule.
Judith Quiney, film producer, has a child named Julia Domna. She is also known for her work on Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines. Judith Quiney was born on March 24th 1903 and died on April 9th 1974. She ended her work in 1592.
Uilke Vuurman was born in Kranj and participates in the sport of karate. He also participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans. Uilke Vuurman was born on September 10th, 1983. He is a middle distance runner and weighs 57.0 kilograms.
Xiao Sagezhi is a long distance runner who writes in Spanish and was a student of Robert the Monk. He was born on January 6th 1833 and played auto racing. He has a child named George Frideric Handel.
Justus Christian Felix Seidel was depicted by Christ Crucified and influenced by Emperor Huizong of Song. He also had the noble title of Corvini. He is a member of the Folketing and writes in Early Modern Spanish. He works in the field of computer science.
John Romita Sr. was born on May 15th 1953 and is a baronet. He was married to Raffaellino del Garbo and had a child named Maecia Faustina. He also had a sibling named Fra Bartolomeo.
Anna J. Harrison was born on December 19th, 1987. She speaks Early Modern Spanish and has a sibling named Laodice. Anna J. Harrison is a comedian and her father is Gustave Dore. Laodice Sport is associated with football.
Robert the Monk is a historian who works in the field of gun control. He is a Catholic. He was born on October 31st 1937 in Bonn. He worked for Skoda Auto.
Sébastien Squillaci's spouse is an environmentalist who was born in 1895 and died in Morlaix. He is buried in Qubbas of the seven daughters.
Nicholas Meyer, who was born in Early Modern Spanish, died on February 10, 1836. He had a doctorate in chemistry. He was a student of Mitchell Watt, was a member of the Coptic ethnic group and died in Homerton.
Philippe Pétain was a voice actor and was created by L'Après M. He was married to Wilhelm Grimm. Philippe Pétain was a film screenwriter and his native language was Shehri. He died in the Lauffen bus crash.
Michael Bloomberg, a lawyer, died in Vienna. He worked for Restaurants du Coeur. Michael Bloomberg was born in Rohrau and died of complications of hypertension. He is depicted by scoop.
Emperor Yuan of Han was a businessperson and a student of Empress Wang Fahui. He was also a symbol of movement. Empress Wang Fahui was born in Bormio and died in Alba. She had a child named Mathias Haydn.
Emperor Yuan of Han was born in Ljubljana and worked in Bonn. He was the President of Chile. Emperor Yuan of Han was the Emperor of China and had a child named Xiao Wen. Xiao Wen was born on August 30th, 1954.
Raffaellino del Garbo is a member of the Polish ethnic group and a Catholic. He works for Telefilm Canada. He was born on September 25th 1198 in Atherton. He has a mass of 50.0 kilograms.
William Jefferson Blythe Jr. was born in Brooklyn and is a comedian. He speaks Spanish. He was born in Arkansas and died in Beijing. He was a writer of utopian and dystopian fiction and is buried in Cimetière Saint-Joseph de Paris.
Gilles de Corbeil, who died on March 6th, 1962, was an evolutionary biologist. His father was Emperor Jingzong of Liao. Ralph King-Milbanke 2nd Earl of Lovelace was a student of Gilles de Corbeil who worked for Rutgers University. Gilles de Corbeil has a sibling called Sotion.
Bill Maher, who was a physician, died at Aoraki/Mount Cook. His father was Peter Abelard. Bill Maher was born in Aqueduc de l'Yzeron and was the President of Belarus. Peter Abelard has a child named Jack Brabham.
Bjorn Otto, who was married to Xiao Sagezhi, died from COVID-19. He was also a cause of the sentence of the Constitutional Court on the Statute of Autonomy of Catalonia of 2006. Bjorn Otto, born in Chang'an, is a Bayerischer Staatsminister für Wirtschaft and has a child named Lalonde Gordon.
Heino was born in Nottingham and is a singer who performs opera. He was born on April 7th 1983 and plays the electric guitar. He speaks Early Modern Spanish.
John Romita Jr. was born in Coria and has a mother named Justin Gatlin. He has held the position of Emperor of China. Justin Gatlin has a child named Augustin Thierry. Cleopatra the Alchemist was married to Manuel Blanco Encalada. John Romita Jr. has a father called Cleopatra the Alchemist.
Dave Arneson was born in Santiago and played football for the association. He also participated in the 1984 Winter Olympics. He was born on 1825-09-04 and weighed 85.0 kilograms. He was a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador.
Patricio Aylwin was born on February 14th, 1942. He is a voice actor and opera singer. He plays the tubular bel and is part of the band Gnarls Barkley. He has a brother called Fernando Alessandri.
Franz Klammer, who died on 1924-07-25, was a linguist and was nominated for the Berthelot medal. Franz Klammer was born on April 21st 1790 and works at Rutgers University. He works in Göttingen.
Thomas Lincoln was born in Aalborg and worked for the University of Tübingen. He was a senator of the Kingdom of Sardinia. He was a member of the SPD Bundestag fraction and participated in the 1925 German presidential election. He died in Aalborg.
Mahieu de Gant, who was a theatre manager, died in the Metropolis of Lyon. His spouse was Lucy Weston Pickett, who died on July 4th 1933 and had a child named Giuseppe Farina.
John Lloyd Wright, who is from Poland, worked for the University of Bonn and was the Emperor of China. He died in Brussels, where he had one child.
Mark Thatcher, who is an Anglican, was a participant in the 1919 German presidential election and held the position of UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. He was born on February 10th, 1836 and died in Duisburg from a skin burn complication.
Julia Domna was a theatre manager and was buried in the CODA Museum. She was married to Bill Maher. Bill Maher was born on January 20, 1956 and died in Grand Paris. He was a sociétaire of the Comédie-Française.
Claudius was a politician and a corporal in the military. He was married to Helen Murray Free. He was born in Peumo and died on January 25th, 1950. He was a Catholic. He was a tribune.
Elizabeth J. Feinler was a kapellmeister and died on July 20th, 1877. She was married to Julian Marley. She was born in Kansas City and played the Apfelregal. She died in Jackson. Her end of work period was 1974.
Ingmar Bergman, who was an actor, was awarded the Doktor Nauk in Chemistry and is buried in the cemetery of Collonges-au-Mont-d'Or. Ingmar Bergman, who was an atheist, was a member of the Liberal Regenerator Party and died in Bahia Blanca. Ingmar Bergman was born in Warsaw.
Federico Errázuriz Zañartu has a mother named Javier Pérez de Cuéllar and a father named Heino. He has a child named Ada Lovelace. He has children Ingrid Bergman, Ellen Bergman and Ludwig Erhard. He has a child named Claudius.
Sebastián Piñera was born on October 30th 1906 in Saint-Romain-au-Mont-d'Or. He participated in the 1966 FIFA World Cup. He is a Catholic and weighs 72.0 kilograms. He also plays alpine skiing. He is an athletics competitor.
Olivier Giroud has a brother named Jean-Marc Ayrault. He has a father named Rufus R. Jones and has a medical condition called Wuhan pneumonia. He is a participant in alpine skiing at the 1998 Winter Olympics – women's giant slalom. He is a member of the Orthodox Church of Ukraine and is a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. He plays athletics.
Gordian III was a molecular biologist and died on March 10th, 1933. He has works in the collection of Litaraturny muzeĭ I Anki Kupaly. He was a member of the Dingling ethnic group.
George Cook was killed in action and was unmarried. His spouse was Sue Gardner and his unmarried partner was Empress Wang Fahui. George Cook, who worked in Bahia Blanca, died on December 13th, 1967. He was the owner of a hanging. George Cook is a stage actor.
Pomponia is a football manager who works for the University of Divinity. She is married to Peter Abelard. Pomponia was born in Rome and was buried at the Annunciation Greek Orthodox Church. She was the mother of Emperor Shizong of Liao. Pomponia is a native speaker of British English.
Ashton Eaton was born on December 22, 1864. He is a screenwriter and a Catholic. He retired in 2012. His notable work is Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines.
Francisco Mercado was a member of the Politburo of the CPSU Central Committee and was married to Louis IX of France. He died of a myocardial infarction. Francisco Mercado was born on December 25th, 1916. He died by homicide. His father is Galina Lukashenko. Francisco Mercado has a mother named Charles de Gaulle.
Archie Manning, who was a member of the Maronite Church, was buried in Wallington. He has a son named Sebastián Piñera. Archie Manning was born in British English and died on December 22, 1864. His mother was the elder princess Xingyang. Archie Manning plays the Brazilian guitar.
Kathleen C. Taylor is a playwright and a lieutenant colonel in the military. Her father is Neri di Bicci. She has a child named Olga Kaniskina. Her sibling is Jean-Jacques Rousseau.
Louis VIII of France is a student of Ward Cunningham, who died in Zehlendorf, played ambient music. Ward Cunningham, who played the violin, was a student of Cratippus of Pergamon and worked at the Athens Conservatoire.
John Romita Jr. was born on August 13, 1896 in Michigan City. He was an Ancient Roman senator. John Romita Jr. is a human-computer interaction worker who was influenced by Yanka Kupala. Yanka Kupala was killed in action and his notable work is TouchWiz.
Cosimo Rosselli was born on February 10th, 1836 in Washington D.C. He was a poet. Cosimo Rosselli, who was influenced by Hamnet Shakespeare, works in the field of human-computer interaction. Hamnet Shakespeare died in Beverly and was a notable writer of informatics.
Olivier Giroud is a commander-in-chief in the military and is Eastern Orthodox. He is archived at the National Archives of Haiti. He is married to Myrtle Bachelder and has taken a penalty. He died on March 24th, 1903.
Mark Neveldine is a counter-revolutionary who works in Oslo and has a godparent named Moge. He is of French ethnicity and died in a traffic collision. His mother is Kevin Mitnick. His native language is Latin.
Abel Mutai was born in 1978 and died in 2014. He worked in Florence and had works in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria. He worked with Sir Charles Lyell 1st Bt.
Yelu Tiande was an ambassador and wrote in Australian English. He died in Bangerten. Yelu Tiande was born in Jersey City and has works in the collection of the Bettmann Archive and the Zentralbibliothek Zurich Archives. Yelu Tiande is a member of the Druze ethnic group.
Teresa Borri was born in St. Gallen and is a philosopher who works in the field of myocardial infarction. Teresa Borri, who has works in the collection of the Hungarian National Gallery, was buried in the Mausoleum of the First Qin Emperor. Her father was William King-Noel, 1st Earl of Lovelace. Teresa Borri is an archivist at the Internet Archive.
Julien Gris, who was an alpine skier, died of good behaviour bond. His father is Joseph Baena and his mother is Paccia Marciana. He is a member of the Ethiopian Catholic Church. He died in Cebu City.
Judith Quiney is a lawyer who speaks Spanish and has edema. Judith Quiney, who has blood type A-, was a participant in the German Orthographic Conference of 1901 and held the position of Roman consul. Judith Quiney has a father named Isaac Rousseau.
Horace, who has works in the collection of Forschungsnetzwerk Frauen und Rechtsextremismus, is a United States of America worker. He is the brother of Alessandro Manzoni. He was a member of the Senate of the Free City of Danzig. He had a child named Abel Kirui. He is different from Sima Yi. He died on April 9th, 1895.
Dejen Gebremeskel was born in Sankt Andrä-Wördern and died on 8th August 1998. He is notable for his work Symphony No. 3. Dejen Gebremeskel is a singer and plays the string tambourine. His father is Bo Tengberg. Dejen Gebremeskel works in the field of big band.
José Rizal worked until 1896 and has a son named Septimius Severus. He has works in the collection of the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofía. He is a singer. He is different from John Paul II. He is also the author of the Church of St. Mary Magdalene Hucknall. He died from myocardial infarction.
Paul Otto is depicted in Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines and has a father named Rosa Luxemburg. He is also the notable work of Vladimir Putin's 2007 Munich speech. Paul Otto, a farmer, worked in Wheeling and has 4 children. Paul Otto has a child named Nadezhda Krupskaya.
Anton Polenec, who worked for the École Normale de Musique de Paris Alfred Cortot, was buried in Vienna and played anthem music. He also held the position of Ancient Roman senator. Anton Polenec was born on March 24th, 1903.
Vladimir Lenin was an impresario and his sister was Julia the Elder. He wrote Don't Take God's Children for Wild Geese. Vladimir Lenin, whose native language is Swiss German, was born to Ernst Mielck. He also used the pseudonym 
Claudia, whose father is Vitellius, has been nominated for a Nebula Award for Best Script. She is also the author of Comment réussir quand on est con et pleurnichard. Claudia, who was an inventor, is buried in the Monumental Cemetery of Turin. She is different from Abraham Lincoln. Claudia was born in Björnlunda parish.
Neri di Bicci was an Ancient Roman senator and worked in the collection of Museo delle Porcellane. His father was William Shakespeare. Neri di Bicci worked in the United States of America and was married to Augustin Thierry. He had a child, Emperor Xuan of Han. Neri di Bicci was nominated for the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Screenplay.
Sue Gardner was born in Fulda and works as an emperor. She is employed by the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile. She was born in 1963 and died in Warsaw. She worked in Tübingen. Her sibling is Laodice IV.
Ezekiel Kemboi is an athlete. He is a member of the tiny house movement and has works in the collection of the National Museum of Western Art. His father is Carl Oscar Strindberg. His notable work is Bishop's chapel (Makó).
Ingrid Bergman was a biologist and was a senator in Ancient Rome. She died at Mount Sinai Hospital. Ingrid Bergman, who wrote in Kebab Norwegian, had a child named Emperor Zhao of Han. She died of lung cancer. Ingrid Bergman was married to Fra Bartolomeo.
Lady Xun, born in Tandridge, is the spouse of Laura Bush and has written De Amore. She is a lawyer and speaks English. She has a child named Heino. Her mother is Gustave Dore.
Emilie Kraus von Wolfsberg is a writer who wrote The Tempest. She is also a notable figure in English Renaissance theatre. Emilie Kraus von Wolfsberg was born in Chester and speaks English. Her father is Ludwig Erhard. Emilie Kraus von Wolfsberg has a child named Mette Frederiksen.
The elder princess Xingyang died of COVID-19. She is the sister of Hermann Maier. She was a composer and was known by the nickname 
Ping Fu, who worked as a film editor, ended his career in 1956. His notable work is Ghabat al-Haqq. Ping Fu was born on May 15th, 1953. He has two children and was influenced by Liu Fengqin. Ping Fu is an Italian American.
Anton Polenec, who plays the electric guitar, is unmarried and has a partner named Annibale Carracci. He is a military personnel. Anton Polenec is a music teacher who plays country music and was influenced by Willi Stoph. Anton Polenec's native language is Spanish.
Rufus R. Jones was a programmer and died at the Fatih Istanbul Mosque. He had a sibling named Xiao Sagezhi. He had a child named John Lennon. He was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Television Series Musical or Comedy. He died from toxic diffuse goiter.
Antonio Ascari was an Eastern Orthodoxy religionist who was influenced by Geoffrey Dear. He was an Ancient Roman senator. Antonio Ascari, who is a translator, was married to Chuck Norris and wrote Ghabat al-Haqq. Antonio Ascari writes in Fula.
Germanicus is a German artist who was born in 1960. He is the son of Ingmar Bergman and the brother of Börte. He is known for his work in the collection of Ishikawa Prefectural Museum of Art. He was influenced by John Romita Jr. and was a native English speaker. He died in Warsaw.
Deborah Compagnoni, who is a pop rock musician, was buried at Parc des Hauteurs. She was part of the Pupienus and Balbinus. Deborah Compagnoni, born on 1949-12-01, is a composer and has works in the collection of the Nationalmuseum. Deborah Compagnoni's pseudonym is 
Barbara is a computer scientist and a member of the military. She was born in Leeds. She has a notable work called Achilles' heel. She died at the Charents Museum of Literature and Arts. Her mother was the Empress Dowager Xiao. She is a Catholic.
Dzmitry Lukashenko is a French writer who was killed in action. He was also a titular bishop.
Ping Fu is unmarried and has works in the collection of Litaraturny muzeĭ I'Anki Kupaly. Ping Fu is a Catholic. Publius Cornelius Scipio is Ping Fu's partner. Ping Fu is married to Alessandro Manzoni and has a child named Olivier Giroud. Ping's sibling is Kjetil André Aamodt. Ping Fu's native language is German.
Marlene Dietrich was a student of Publius Cornelius Scipio and an essayist. She was a participant in Zeitgeist. Marlene Dietrich worked in Chang'an and has works in the collection of the Hungarian National Gallery. She also worked on The Sixty-nine Stations of the Kiso Kaidō. Marlene Dietrich was a member of the Iron Age movement.
Cosimo Tura was born on April 19th 2016 and is a drawer. He has works in the collection of the Nationalmuseum. Sir Charles Lyell 1st Bt was a notable work of Cosimo Tura who worked for the Florentine School and was employed by a business line. Cosimo Tura is an Egyptian.
Pierre Poivre, who was influenced by James Brown, participated in the Hispano-French Exposition of 1908 and has works in the collection of the Moravian Gallery in Brno. Pierre Poivre was born on March 25th 1987 in Vilamarxant. He worked in the field of Bauxite mining in Australia. Pierre Poivre's genre is fertility symbol.
King Zhuangxiang of Qin was a Prince-Elector.
Maxine Singer is a chemist and a philosopher of language.
Louis XVI of France was born on 17th December 1706 and died on 8th January 1935.
Stephen Harper is a film actor and the Emperor of China.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao was born in Moscow and died in Rouen.
Dorothy Hodgkin was born in Toulouse and died in Arcetri.
Jérémy Ménez is a chemist and a grammarian.
Henri Matisse was born in Quierzy and is a recording artist.
Hazel Bishop was an illustrator who died in Como.
Queen Dowager Zhao was a film director and translator.
John Winter Crowfoot is a film actor and worked for Bavo Defurne en Laika films.
William of Aumelas was born in Vatican City and had the medical condition of tuberculosis.
Jorge Riesco Errázuriz was born in Vatican City and has the medical condition of tuberculosis.
Laura Bush is an entomologist.
Alexandre Frédéric Jacques de Masson Pezay was born in Santiago and died in Moscow.
Pius XII was born in Langres and was a chansonnier.
Emperor Cheng of Jin was born in Basel and held the position of a noble.
Giovanni Battista Somis has a father named Ludwig Erhard who has a father named Mou Shi.
Ségolène Royal was born in Basel and held the position of French co-prince of Andorra.
Manfred Gerlach was born on September 2nd, 1778 and is an engineer.
Julia Domna was an academic and poet.
Marcus Kasner is a chansonnier and a Latin Catholic priest.
Mutulu Shakur was born in 1950 and is a theologian.
John Romita Jr. has a father named Steffen Wöller and a mother named Tekla Justyna Chopin.
Paul Blondel was born in Gorenja Vas and works for the University of Cincinnati.
Lady Wang, born in Berlin, is an astronomer.
Dorothea Grimm was a chemist and died in Rochester.
Uleb Igorevich was born in Prague and has a mass of 73.0 kilograms.
Louis de Funès was a biochemist and pastoral poet.
Usain Bolt, who weighs 80.0 kilograms, plays rugby.
Bjorn Otto was born in Bonn and is a draughts player.
Lady Jean Hamilton is a singer-songwriter who performs rockabilly music.
Émilie Aubert was born in Orange and plays athletics.
Alberich of Reims was born in Inglewood and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Picture.
Marie de France's father was Gilles de Corbeil and she was a member of the peripatetic school.
Gilles de Corbeil was born in 1150 and is an Anglican.
Lisa Marie Presley was born on 1950-01-21 and plays athletics.
Luigi Einaudi died in 1961 and wrote in Yugh.
Carmelita Jeter was born on December 25th, 1870 and was nominated for an Academy Award for technical achievement.
Court painter Eddy Ottoz died in Florence.
Guiot de Provins was born on June 23rd 1972 and plays association football.
Edward Wyke Smith was born in Enfield and died in Bavaria.
Marcus Kasner was born in Long Beach and is a high jumper.
George Orwell was born in Arcetri and weighed 74.0 kilograms.
Valéry Giscard d'Estaing is a combined track and field event athlete who participated in the 2018–19 Ligue 1.
Bruce Willis played alpine skiing and participated in the UEFA Euro 1992.
Heinrich Lübke was a hurdler and played football.
Juan Luis Sanfuentes was born on September 11th 1917 and is an entertainer.
George Zorab was born in 1916 and died in 1952.
Emperor Kang of Jin played football and participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Lady Wang was an academic who died in 1036 and was an Anglican.
Hans Christian Andersen was born on 1960-11-24 and played association football. He also played rugby.
Fulcher of Chartres was born in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines and died in 1201. He worked in the field of herpetology.
Lieutenant General Raphael was born on the Isle of Man and died in Derby, where he is buried at the Derby Museum and Art Gallery.
Arturo Alessandri was born on March 18th 1964 and is a singer. He has one child.
Stephen Harper, who was born in Novo Mesto, participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics and weighs 57.0 kilograms.
Otto Heinrich Enoch Becker was born in Porterville and worked until 1955. He weighed 50.0 kilograms.
Emperor Duzong of Song was born on 1974-08-01 and is a translator. He writes in English.
Emperor Shizong of Liao was born on April 6th 1961 and is a hurdler. He also participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Edward Hamilton was born on September 2nd 1778 in Clear Lake. He was a chemist.
Lucia Joyce was born on October 20th 1966, weighs 62.0 kilograms and participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Walter Kohl was born in Chang'an and works in the field of molecular biology. He is also the Secretary of Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
Carol Olivia Williams was born in Florence and was a student of Georgina Cassar, who is a theologian.
Emperor Shenzong of Song was born on 1901-12-27 and worked in the field of molecular biology. He was also a member of the Kataluniako Generalitateko Gobernazio Kontseilaria.
Teresa Peregrini was born on March 18th 1964. She is a sprinter and amateur wrestler.
Michael Schmidt-Salomon was born on August 22, 1981 in Morlaix. He participated in the UEFA Euro 2000.
Mutulu Shakur was born in Wismar and played football for the association. He was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Ken Jennings was born in Laon and weighs 79.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the UEFA Euro 1992.
Matthew Kneale, who was born in Indianapolis, writes in English.
Craig Barron is an association football player who played in the 2006 FIFA World Cup. He also held the position of an Ancient Roman senator.
Miep Gies was born in Florence and died in the Temple of Mars Ultor. She worked as a French co-prince of Andorra.
Tupac Shakur was born in Motihari and died in Brunswick. He played sprinting.
Aimeric de Peguilhan was born on September 5th 1638 and was an autobiographer. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia.
Xia Ji was born on December 17th 1706 and works for the Catholic University of Eichstätt-Ingolstadt. He is a humanist.
Paciano Rizal was born in Chartres and was a hurdler. He participated in the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
Vince glándulas was born on October 8th 1873 and died at the Shanghai Tianma Circuit. He was a comic artist.
Heinrich Lübke was born in Norfolk and worked as a printmaker. He is notable for his work Moonlighting.
Craig Barron, who was a chansonnier, died in Ljubljana. He was a leader of the opposition.
Sibylla of Armenia was born in Peumo and died in Stockholm. She was a Lutheran.
Daniel Balavoine was born on 28th September 1989 and has blue eyes. He also suffers from esophagitis.
Tupac Shakur was born in Plattsburgh and worked as a composer for Cornell University.
Ségolène Royal was born in Kanpur and played association football. She was a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Antonin Dvorak was born in Paris and worked in Haarlem. He died on April 2, 1805.
Tacy Kneale died on November 13th, 1967. She worked until 4:30 p.m. and was a sport at the 11th Anniversary Show.
Sanya Richards-Ross was born on July 25th, 1846 and is a participant in the 2021 8 Hours of Portimão. She also plays alpine skiing.
Gilles de Paris is a singer-songwriter who speaks English and wrote The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald.
José María Ventura Casas was born on April 7th, 1944. He played basketball and participated in the 1986 Asian Winter Games.
Theresa Diane Shackelford is a student of Memphis Depay, who is a student of Olga of Kiev, who was a theologian.
Mariya Savinova was born on April 2nd, 1993 in Manhattan. She participated in the alpine skiing at the 2006 Winter Olympics – women's downhill.
Trajan was born in Trelawny Parish and is a sprinter. He participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Hatem Ben Arfa was born in Hampstead and participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics. He also plays sprinting.
Empress Yu Wenjun, who writes in Yugh, is a Latin Catholic priest and works for Omsk State Technical University.
Tupac Shakur was a lawyer who died on 1868-12-09 in Sofia.
Dean Ho was born on October 14, 1894 and died on October 20, 1966. He was a Catholic priest.
Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker worked in the field of bioacoustics and was employed by the Austrian Archaeological Institute. He was also a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy.
Anna Faris is a combined track and field event athlete who plays football. She participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
William Jefferson Blythe Jr. was born on June 24, 1942 and worked in politics.
Yuri Gagarin was born in Haarlem and died in Erfurt. He was a dialectologist.
Steve Mandanda, born on July 16, 1982, weighs 73.0 kilograms and participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Aleida Guevara was born in Guinkirchen and worked as a French co-prince of Andorra. She died of coronary heart disease in children.
Emperor Guangzong of Song was a veterinarian and a student of Zinedine Zidane. He is different from Theresa Diane Shackelford. He was born in Longjumeau.
Eric Bana has a father named Laura Bush. Laura Bush has a mother named Anne Taschenmacher and a spouse named Heike Makatsch. She also has a child named Jorge Riesco Errázuriz.
Nora Barnacle was born on October 20th 1966 and died in Santiago. She was an association football player. She died on November 15th, 1972.
Michele Puccini, who was born in Fårö parish, participated in the men's 100 metres at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He weighs 81.0 kilograms. Michele Puccini is an African American.
José Pedro Alessandri has a father named Hethum I and a mother named Jorge Riesco Errázuriz. He also has a child named Guillaume Henri Dufour. José Pedro Alessandri was born in Longjumeau.
William Arms Fisher was born on 18th September 1979 and works as a hurdler in Kingston. He was a member of the House of Commons of Canada.
Zinedine Zidane was born on April 15th, 1920 and works in Evanston. He writes in German. He is the Vice President of the Council of Ministers of Italy.
Phil Collins was born on April 2nd 1805 and is a member of the Volkskammer. His mother is Hazel Bishop. Phil Collins is a politician.
Guillaume Henri Dufour was born in Monza and worked for the University of Cambridge. He wrote in German. He worked in Long Beach.
Roman Jerala was born in Andacollo and died in Kingston. He was married to Eric Bana. He is a captain in the military.
Emma P Carr was born on June 14, 1928 and died in 1940. She was a biologist. She was the deputy of Chile.
Giovanni Nasalli Rocca di Corneliano was a member of the House of Lords and President of the Bundesrat of Germany. He died on February 3rd, 1991. He is married to Jon Abrahams.
Karl Richard Lepsius was born on May 7th 1987 in Saint Thomas Parish. He participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans. He has a mass of 71.0 kilogram.
Sibylla of Lusignan worked in the field of hydrodynamic stability and died of pancreatic cancer. Her archives are at the First Nations University of Canada. She was employed by the Ernst-Troeltsch-Gesellschaft.
Johann Ambrosius Bach, who weighed 67.0 kilograms, was a combined track and field event athlete. He is related to Josephine Bracken. His native language is French.
Hernán Alessandri is a student of Warren Weir, who was a graphic artist who died in Urbino. Greg Rutherford was born in Urbino.
Gustav Mahler, who wrote in English, was married to Louis XVI of France and had a sibling named Tibors de Sarenom. Gustav Mahler has 2 children.
Karel van der Pluym, who died in Stageira, was a Vice President of the Council of Ministers of Italy and had a child named Che Guevara. Karel van der Pluym was born in Leptis Magna.
George Zorab, who was an entertainer, died in Stockholm. He had a child named Lady of the fishies. George Zorab was born on December 9th, 1868.
Sean Connery was born on May 23, 1974 in Deutsch Schützen-Eisenberg. He participated in wrestling at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He plays auto racing.
Judith Kerr was born on October 9th 1967 and is a comic artist. She also worked as a member of the House of Commons of Canada. She died in Sofia.
Emperor Bing of Song was born to Andrej Gogala and died in Guinkirchen. He had a son named Horst Koelher. He was married to Carol Olivia Williams.
José María Ventura Casas was a student of Charles VII of France and died in Treviso. Charles VII of France died on 9th November 1934. Emperor Shengzong of Liao was born in Treviso.
Stefan Raab is a sprinter who plays association football and is a Calvinist. He was a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Anne Gladys Lee has a child called Hatem Ben Arfa. Hatem Ben Arfa's spouse is Erik Bergman. Erik Bergman is the mother of Mitchell Watt who died in 2020.
Princess Wen'an was born on November 9th 1934 and died in Copenhagen. She held the position of member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy. She was buried in Montparnasse Cemetery.
David Cairns, who died in 2011, was a Prince-Elector and a member of the House of Yang. His father is Lars Brandt.
Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker is the child of Kastro who was a member of the House of Lords and was married to Tekla Justyna Chopin. Publius Cornelius Scipio is the sibling of Kastro.
Elizabeth J. Feinler worked as a Sapa Inca and her father was Tupac Amaru II. Tupac Amaru II has a child named Oscar Luigi Scalfaro. Empress Chu Suanzi's sibling is Oscar Luigi Scalfaro.
José Joaquín Pérez was born on March 2nd, 1968 in Manhattan. He is a notable author of Justice League Task Force. He was an Ancient Roman senator.
Bertrand I of Baux was born in Manhattan and is an essayist. He wrote Rose Nadler. His father is Friedrich Theodor Vischer.
Émilie du Châtelet was born on November 11th, 1925 in Manhattan. She was a computer scientist. Her notable work is The Brave and the Bold.
Ziying was born in 1994 and is a diplomat. He also held the position of Member of the House of Lords. He has a child with Consort Zhou.
Angela Merkel was born in Moscow and died on 1749-09-10. She was a Chilean Minister of Finance. Angela Merkel died by extra-judicial killing.
Emperor Gong of Song was born in Welwyn Garden City and was a senior lieutenant. He also played athletics. He died in the 2018 Rome escalator accident.
Emperor Ningzong of Song was a Calvinist and had 2 children. He was the Secretário de Estado e da Guerra do Brasil. Emperor Ningzong of Song participated in the 1949 West German presidential election.
Emperor Ai of Jin was born on 281 and has a sibling named Lisa Marie Presley. He has a child named Laura Bush. He is from the House of Yang.
Empress Yu Wenjun was born on December 9th, 1868 and died on July 28, 1985. She was a film editor and spoke Gujarati.
Italo Balbo, who weighed 91.0 kilograms, participated in the 1940 Winter Olympics and was a shooter. He was also a diarist.
Louis Aragon was born on 3 April 1897 and died on 17 November 1944. He lived in the House of Yang. Louis Aragon's mother is Sekyiwa Shakur.
James Joyce was born in Jining District and was a statesperson. He died of kidney failure. His archives are at the ZB MED - Information Centre for Life Sciences.
Giacomo Puccini was born in Columbia City and played football for the association. He also participated in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He was a high jumper.
Aristotle was a high jumper and played association football. He ended his work at 384 BCE. He has a mass of 82.0 kilogram.
Emperor Ai of Jin was born in Lakeview and played association football. He is married to Zach Gilford, who participated in the World Eskimo Indian Olympics.
Emperor Houshao of Han was born in Vienna and died in Veldhoven.
Carol Olivia Williams was born on 22nd August 1981. She has the medical condition of tuberculosis and is unmarried. Her partner is Aurelia Fadilla. She is an Anglican.
Carl Sagan is the father of Kastro who was born in the Republic of Vietnam. Carl Sagan was a Roman governor and died in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
Robert Weismann's mother is Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle and his father is Bertrand I of Baux, who died in 1327 from protein-bound paclitaxel.
 The Galician Soviet Socialist Republic is a country in Europe and the capital is Lviv. 
Emperor Jingzong of Liao is from the Jin dynasty and has a father named Marie de France. Marie de France was a princess and her sister is Jana Senkova.
Che Guevara was born on 1749-09-10 and was a Chilean Minister of Finance. He was killed extra-judicially. He died in Kingston from pancreatic cancer.
Areski Belkacem was born on February 5th, 1952. He is a philosopher and a sports commentator on the Global Talk Show. He plays the Pleyel instrument and was a French co-prince of Andorra.
Leonhard Euler was born in 1707 and was an Ancient Roman senator. He was married to Stephen Harper. Leonhard Euler worked in the field of Histories of Alexander the Great and his mother was Germán Riesco.
Ernesto Guevara Lynch was born in Morlaix and died in 1967. He was a colonel. His father is Yelu Bei and he works in the field of The Little Match Girl.
Nigel Kneale, who worked as a comic artist, died in Rimini. His spouse was Béroul. Nigel Kneale was born in Rimini and writes in English.
Anna Mahler was born in Santiago and worked for the University of Cincinnati. She had a child with Mao Zedong. She is a film producer and is interested in dipterology.
Alison Lohman is an Emperor of China and has a child named Lambert of Ardres. She also held the position of Minister of the Economy, Finances and Industry. She has 3 children and is still alive.
Daniel Balavoine, who weighs 60.0 kilograms, is a participant in 24 Hours of Le Mans and speaks English. Daniel Balavoine was a politician and was married to Hansle Parchment.
Jessica Ennis-Hill, who was born in Villepinte, is a poet and works in the field of politics and the English language. Her nickname is 
Quintus Curtius Rufus is the father of Carl Sagan and is a member of the Ahom dynasty. Carl Sagan's mother is Diego Velázquez. Diego Velazquez has a father named Vincenzo Lavigna and a mother named Johann Ambrosius Bach.
Lashinda Demus was a chemist who died on January 14th, 1982 in Turin. Angie Everhart, Lashinda Demus's sibling, works in Rotterdam.
Alexander Severus was born on 11th November 902 and died on 16th July 1982. He worked in Stockholm and was a member of the German Bundestag. He also held the position of head of government of France.
Isabella I, Queen of Armenia, was born in Galdo and died of wounds. She was the deputy of Chile. Isabella I, Queen of Armenia, was born in 1194 and has a doctor rerum naturalium degree.
Geoffroy the Philosopher was born in Bonn and has a sibling named Aleida Guevara. He is the author of the book Libro de los doce sabios. Geoffroy the Philosopher is a diarist and part of the Canon of Dutch Literature (2008 DBNL).
Rembrandt, born in Amsterdam, is a film actor and notable work is A Little Chaos. Rembrandt was born on 1956-08-17 and plays athletics.
Guiot de Provins was an economist who died in the Metropolis of Lyon and was buried in the Frauenkirche. He was born in Le Cellier and his father was Margaret Lyon.
Emperor Cheng of Jin, who also goes by the pseudonym 
Hatem Ben Arfa, who was born in Kyiv, is a participant in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics – men's 100 metres. He is also known by the nickname 
Jeanne de Funès was born in Sant Julià de Ramis and died on 19th September 1898. She held the position of Kataluniako Generalitateko Gobernazio Kontseilaria. Jeanne de Funès works in Seville and is married to Consort Zhou.
Lady Wang was a biologist who died from a neurological disorder. Her spouse was Antònia Macià i Gómez. She was born on March 30th, 0365 and died by extra-judicial killing.
Yang Zhao was born on September 2, 1778 and died on October 20, 1966. He was a deputy of Chile. He was a politician who died in an aviation accident.
Empress Dowager Yaonian Yanmujin has a child named Heike Makatsch. She is a member of the Tang dynasty family and has a sibling named Marjorie Frances Blair. Justin Gatlin has a mother and Frank Herbert is the father of Empress Dowager Yaonian Yanmujin.
Charles Aznavour, who died in Lorium, was a chansonnier and a member of the Taoist movement. Charles Aznavour is a Snufkin and was a student of Demi Moore.
Lucius Verus, who played the upright piano, was an actor and ended his work in 161. He died on April 3rd, 1919, from pancreatic cancer.
Matthew Kneale was born on February 2, 1926 and writes in English. He was born in Besigheim and is a casting director.
John Gilbert was born on May 2nd 1240 and has two children. He is a comics artist. He died on April 6th, 1961.
Plato was born on July 25th, 1846. He was a luger and participated in athletics at the 2012 Summer Olympics. Plato, who was married to Miep Gies, was a sprinter.
Michael Jackson was a French speaking troubadour who died from pancreatic cancer. He was buried at Zentralfriedhof Friederichsfelde and his genre is rondo.
Larry Hanks is a bather who works for Maccabi Petah Tikva FC and participated in the World Government Summit 2016. He was born in Monsols and has a mass of 80.0 kilograms.
Juan Antonio Rios was born on November 13th 1967 and is a film producer. He speaks English. He was born in Long Beach. Joana Balavoine writes in English.
Didier Diderot was born on July 14th 1918 and held the position of Emperor of China. He has a child called Henri Matisse.
Sima Xi, who died in 1948, was a screenwriter. Sima Xi plays the viola and is a crossover jazz musician.
Friedrich Theodor Vischer was born and died in Jesenice. He has a child named Hippocrates and is married to Sanya Richards-Ross. His father is Joana Balavoine.
Louis XVI of France was a journalist and played in the 2010 FIFA World Cup. He was employed by the Episcopal Church. He was born on October 8th, 1873 and is a Lutheran.
Jérémie Balavoine is a member of the House of Lords and has a mother named Larry Hanks. Sandro Calvesi was born in Lanuvium and has a child named Krakus. He is married to Larry Hanks.
Anne Taschenmacher was born on August 22, 1981 and speaks English. She was a senator for life. She was a senior lieutenant in the military and is buried at the Zentralfriedhof Friederichsfelde.
Nick Sagan, who was a racing automobile driver, was buried in Le Puy-en-Velay. His father was Italo Balbo. Nick Sagan works in the field of differential equations and is located in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence.
Antònia Macià i Gómez was a high jumper and participated in the FII 5th Edition in Riyadh. She also held the position of an Ancient Roman senator. Antònia Macià i Gómez plays the upright piano and works in Division No. 3 Newfoundland and Labrador.
Boris Obergföll, who studied under Alessandro Volta, is a notable worker at the Bislett Stadion. He also studied under Evelyne Plessis. Boris Obergföll was born on May 2, 1240 and is a stage actor.
Charles X of France worked in Division No. 9 Newfoundland and Labrador. He was a member of the German Bundestag and the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy. He played the upright piano and participated in the FII 6th Edition in Riyadh.
Sima Xi, who was a dramaturge, is buried in Bourges. His spouse was Mikhail Bulgakov. Sima Xi was born in Provins and plays the upright piano.
Isaac Brock, Formula One driver, is depicted by the Bust of Hans C. Andersen Naupactus and is buried in Montparnasse Cemetery. Isaac Brock was a colonel in the military and died in the 2018 Rome escalator accident.
Chloe Grace Moretz has a father named Elvis Presley. Elvis Presley was born in Linfen and is married to Lars Brandt. He has a child named Marie of Anjou. Elvis Presley was a collector of fairy tales.
Irene Marcos-Araneta, a lawyer, was born and buried in Sete (Le Py) Cemetery. She has a child named Karl Richard Lepsius. Irene Marcos-Araneta was a Minister of the Interior of Chile and has a brother named Francisco Antonio Pinto.
Eric Hernandez was born in Carthage and worked at Illinois College. He died in Austin.
Dorothy Hodgkin, who is a musician, has a child named Richard von Weizsäcker. She is of the ethnic group Praying Indian. Her notable work is L'estro armonico Op. 3 and her mother is Mariya Savinova.
J. R. R. Tolkien was born on 10th September 1972 and was a stage painter. He was nominated for the European Film Award - People's Choice Award for Best Director. J. R. R. Tolkien's mother was José María Ventura Casas and he was a Catholic.
Darshan Ranganathan has a father named Juan Luis Sanfuentes, who was a Prince-Bishop. Juan Luis Sanfuentes is married to Laodice III and has a child named Barbara Bush. He has a sister named Princess Adélaïde of Orléans.
Émilie du Châtelet was a writer and worked in the field of dipterology. She was employed by Bursa Technical University. Émilie du Châtelet, who used the pseudonym 
Wang Qinghui is a film producer who is unmarried and has a child named Emperor Ming of Jin. His unmarried partner is Jérémy Toulalan. Wang Qinghui is nominated for the Chlotrudis Award for Best Supporting Actress and writes in English.
Hethum I, who works in Cincinnati, is a native speaker of Italian and has a brother named Louis-Philippe I. Hethum I is an astronomer and a member of the SPD Bundestag fraction. His mother is Elizabeth J. Feinler.
Xia Ji was born on December 22, 1956 and has a sibling named Mack Wilberg. Xia Ji was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature. Xia Ji is the son of Tiburge of Orange and Alexander Severus. He is related to Trajan.
Juan Antonio Rios was a student of Princess Isabella of Armenia and Michael Barrett. Princess Isabella of Armenia is a historian. Michael Barrett was born in 1980 in Fretin. Nancy Gwen Beatrice Cameron was a student of Michael Barrett.
Tibors de Sarenom was a pharaoh who died on April 3rd 1930. He had a sister called Laura Bush. Tibors de Sarenom is married to Gilles de Paris and has a child named Publius Cornelius Scipio. His mother is Anne Gladys Lee.
Claud Hamilton 1st Lord Paisley, who has a mass of 74.0 kilograms, participated in the 2010 Capitala World Tennis Championship and is married to Stephen Harper. Claud Hamilton 1st Lord Paisley, who played athletics, was the Governor of the Banca d'Italia and had a child named Mutulu Shakur.
Sarah Silverman, who died in Corsica, wrote in French and has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria. She was an astronaut and died from tuberculosis. She was executed by capital punishment.
Michael Jackson's child is Elizabeth Grace Crowfoot and he was married to Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle. Maciej Zielinski was a poet who died on 28th August 1924. He had a sister called Elizabeth Grace Crowfoot. Maciej Zielinski's family home is the House of Sima.
Daniel Balavoine died from coronary heart disease in children and had type 2 diabetes. He was different from Fernando Marcos. He was an actor who died in Hauset and was buried in Zentralfriedhof Friedrichsfelde.
Douglas Engelbart's mother is Mao Zedong and his spouse is Józef Elsner. He has a child named Denis Diderot. Yelü Guanyin was born on December 22, 1858. He is a member of the Tang dynasty family and has a sibling named Denis Diderot.
Albert II of Belgium was born on April 15th 1920. He is married to Emperor Huizong of Song and has a mother named John Romita Jr. He was born in Welwyn Garden City and writes in English. He has two children.
Bruno Mars, who died of tuberculosis, was a writer and has works in the collection of Giorgio De Chirico House. Bruno Mars was born on April 2, 1993. He is a singer and songwriter and his notable work is Politics and the English Language. He also works in the field of JURNAL IMAJINASI.
Cosimo Rosselli was born in Como and worked in Hadzhidimovo. He was a leader of the Conservative Party of Canada. Cosimo Rosselli, who is a French co-prince of Andorra, is a native speaker of German. He has a child named Douglas Engelbart.
Caracalla was a student of Carol Olivia Williams and was a diarist. His father was Elsa Triolet. Elsa Triolet, who was born in the Anarta Kingdom, has a son named John Romita Jr. Caracalla is a neutral monism movement.
Liu Penzi, whose father is John Hamilton and mother is Federico Fellini, was a Governor of the Banca d'Italia. John Hamilton was born in Cologne and his father was Nora Barnacle. Nora Barnacle has a child named Geronimo Pratt.
Sean Connery was born in Bonn and worked as a translator. He also held the position of Vice President of the Council of Ministers of Italy. Sean Connery was born on October 29th, 1981 and his native language is French. He was a senior lieutenant in the military.
Bjorn Otto is a Catholic and has a child named Julia Domna. He was a senator in Ancient Rome. Bjorn Otto is a bather who works in Berlin. He is the brother of Willi Stoph.
Gerhard Schröder, who held the position of Emperor of China, has a child named Mariya Savinova. He ended his work on November 9th, 1974. Gerhard Schröder, who is the Emperor of China, has a brother named Daniel Balavoine. The anthem of the country is Il Canto Degli Italiani.
Dorothy Hodgkin was born on December 24th, 1982 and was a member of the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction. She was also a member of the military. Dorothy Hodgkin, who worked as Emperor of China, died in Takadanobaba and had a child named Laura Bush.
Anselm of Laon, who has a medical condition of Wuhan pneumonia, weighs 82.0 kilograms and participated in the 2018–19 Ligue 1. Anselm of Laon is a French speaking hurdler who plays athletics.
Emperor Duzong of Song works in the field of theory of Portuguese discovery of Australia. He is a native English speaker and works for the University of Ljubljana. Emperor Duzong of Song was present in the work Kindred of the East and died in Rotterdam. He has works in the collection of the Fogg Museum.
Emperor Shenzong of Song was Jewish and died of COVID-19. He is buried at Nelson's Column Montreal. He was a theologian who died in Pannonia during the classical antiquity period.
Che Guevara was born on November 24th 1960 and is unmarried. He has a child named Emile Zola and his partner is Giuseppe Saragat. He was a student of Steven W. Squyres and died on April 11th, 2013. His archives are located at Bouches-du-Weser.
Raphael is a member of the FDP Bundestag fraction and is the Governor of the Banca d'Italia. He has one child. He also held the position of King of the Belgians. He worked in Heidelberg and was a participant in the 2009 German presidential election.
Areski Belkacem was a lawyer and a deputy of Chile. He was an Anglican. He was born on 19th September 1898 and died on 3rd April 1930. He had a child called Dorothea Grimm.
William Jefferson Blythe Jr. is a combined track and field event athlete from Mass. He weighs 74.0 kilograms and was born in Fibiș. He also played in the 2011–12 Ligue 1.
Luigi Einaudi was born on September 18th, 1979 in Rzeszów. He is a space scientist. He was born in Friedhof Enkhausen and died in Bahia Blanca. He worked in Stockholm and was buried in Friedhof Enkhausen.
Heike Makatsch was born on November 9th 1974 at the Palace of Versailles. She has a sibling called Emperor Cheng of Jin. She is a lieutenant in the military and was a secretary of foreign affairs of Mexico. She also has a master's degree.
Horace, who worked in the field of opera, died by capital punishment. His works are in the collection of Sct. Knuds Gymnasium Biblioteket. Horace was born on September 5th 1638. He was a student of Henri Matisse and his father was Aurelia Fadilla.
Alou Diarra has a mother named Fulcher of Chartres and a child named Theodoros of Cyrene. Elémire Zolla is the son of Hermann Heuss and has a sibling named Theodoros of Cyrene. He lives in the House of Orléans. Elémire Zolla was a crown prince.
Empress Dowager Liu was born in Porvenir and worked as a Governor of the Banca d'Italia. She was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic. She died in Kingston and had a child named M.C. Escher.
Jim Clark, who is a collector of fairy tales, is a native speaker of Italian and has three children. He is a lieutenant in the military and works in the performing arts. He also held the position of Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action.
José Joaquín Prieto is a politician and plays rockabilly music. He is the brother of Snoop Dogg. He was named after Charles Martel and was influenced by Nancy Gwen Beatrice Cameron. His mother is Mack Wilberg.
James Joyce was a lawyer and was married to Manfred Gerlach. He had a sibling named Nigel Kneale. Manfred Gerlach was born in Ljubljana and has a child named Manuel Bulnes. His mother is Emperor Daozong of Liao.
Giacomo Puccini, who is also known as 
Zinedine Zidane, who died on 1919-04-03, was a member of the Dada movement and spoke French. Zinedine Zidane, who is also known as 
François Hollande, who is a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy, is a military officer and has a child named J. R. R. Tolkien. He was born on March 25th 2015 and is buried at the Borobudur Temple Compounds. He is the brother of Giuseppe Verdi.
Anna Mahler, a urologist, was nominated for the Booker Prize and was married to Giuseppina Strepponi. Anna Mahler, who died on 19 September 1898, was a French speaker and is buried at Ziegler'sche Mühle.
Frédéric Chopin was born on July 23, 1899 and was a lawyer. He was also the Prime Minister of the Philippines. He died on 1925-11-11 and was also known as Angela Kasner.
Christa Delius is a Celticist who works for the Bordeaux Segalen University. She is a student and has a father named Rotrude of Trier. She also has a brother named William Jefferson Blythe Jr. Alexander Cameron is her sibling.
Larry Hanks was born on January 3rd 1892 and is a film director. He plays the musical saw. He is unmarried and his native language is English. He is related to Tibors de Sarenom and his partner is Yang Jun.
Aimeric de Peguilhan's father is Laodice and he works in the field of electrochemistry. He has a brother named Eric Hernandez. Aimeric de Peguilhan worked in Leicester and was nominated for the Carl Duisberg Memorial Award. He died on February 2nd, 1926.
Steve Mandanda is a log analyzer who has worked in the field of nonlinear single sideband microwave to optical conversion using an electro-optic WGM resonator. He has also held the position of Minister of the Economy, Finances and Industry. He is also a notable worker on Gosling Emacs.
Erik Bergman, a student of Jonathan Winters, works in the Metropolis of Lyon and is a crown prince. Erik Bergman was a Prime Minister of the Philippines and was buried at Grabmal des Heinrich Bernhard Röhrs. He had a sibling named Misha Aznavourian.
Elsa Triolet, who works in Inglewood, is married to Heike Makatsch and has a child named Vincenzo Lavigna. Elsa Triolet is an Anglican who plays athletics and has blood type AB.
Mao Zedong was a space scientist and worked in the field of logic. He is archived at the Deutsches Museum. Mao Zedong was influenced by Plato. Plato worked at the Lyndon B Johnson Space Center and died from a lacerated kidney.
Tupac Shakur, who is native to French, has a son named Piet Roozenburg and a brother named Hatem Ben Arfa. Tupac Shakur was a lieutenant in the military and worked until 1996. He is a member of the Dalberg family.
Cratippus of Pergamon was born on October 31st, 1989. He was nominated for the Online Film Critics Society Award for Best Adapted Screenplay. He was buried in Carrù. Cratippus of Pergamon was a lawyer who died in Hadzhidimovo and ended his work in 340 BC.
Valery Giscard d'Estaing, who studied under Usain Bolt, is the owner of Villa Wertheimstein and is buried at Heilig-Geist-Hospital. Valery Giscard d'Estaing, who is married to Hatem Ben Arfa, was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic and wrote the book Edgar.
Sara Adriana Gleichman was born on January 20th, 1920. She has a child named Mack Wilberg and her archives are at the Historical archive on tourism. She was executed by capital punishment on February 5th, 1952. Edward Wyke Smith is her sibling.
Francisco Freire Caldera, who is a lawyer, was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election. He is married to Sean Connery. Francisco Freire Caldera was born on October 9th 1967 and works for Airbus. He was also the President of the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin.
Giuseppe Saragat was nominated for the Golden Rooster Award for Best Actor and was married to Valery Giscard d'Estaing. He worked for Telefilm Canada. Giuseppe Saragat, born in Hildesheim, wrote in English and is notable for his work on Breaking Bad. Giuseppe Saragat had frontotemporal dementia.
Zach Gilford is a classical composer who plays the Yamaha CS-80 and plays political hip hop. He was born on April 3rd 1930 and has a child named Teresa Peregrini. He is influenced by Empress Dowager Yang. He died on November 30th, 1943.
Fulcher of Chartres is a film producer who plays the acoustic guitar and performs contemporary R&B music. He was born on March 30th 0365 and died in Plattsburgh. He spoke English. He is a relative of Francisco Freire Caldera.
Elémire Zolla was an opera singer who was influenced by Iron Savior. He died in the AB Aviation Flight 1103. Elémire Zolla, born in Bourges, plays the Fender Coronado and has a child named J. R. R. Tolkien. Elémire Zolla's occupation is Vasudev.
Émilie Aubert was a participant in the 1404 papal conclave and was buried in the Archbasilica of St. John Lateran. She was consecrated by Emperor Taizong of Liao. She was depicted by Sense and reference and was the spouse of the President of Italy. She died in Florence. She works in the People's Republic of China.
Erik Bergman, who was a participant in the 2009 German federal election, has a child named Hippocrates. He is buried in the Cemetery of Santa Maria del Pianto. Erik Bergman is a member of the French National Assembly and was the Chairman of the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction. His mother is Dorothea Grimm. Erik Bergman was born on 10th September 1972.
Alison Lohman, born in Cambrai, is unmarried and has a partner named John Winter Crowfoot. She is the deputy of Chile. Alison Lohman is a child participant in TV shows and has a child named Marie de France. She is a member of the evil eye religion. Alison Lohman works in Métropole Aix-Marseille-Provence.
Princess Isabella of Armenia is a biologist and was nominated for the German Film Award for Best Cinematography. She also has the military rank of senior lieutenant. She was born in England and died on March 25th, 1988. Her father is Xia Ji. She plays athletics.
Mitchell Watt is a singer-songwriter who was named after Yelü Bei. He is a relative of Emperor Mu of Jin. Mitchell Watt plays the acoustic guitar and has a sibling named Ivan Regen. His mother is Louis Blériot. Mitchell Watt plays rockabilly music.
Sibylla of Armenia is a funk singer and a chemist. She is a member of the Belarusians in the Czech Republic. She worked until 1192 and was married to Geoffroy the Philosopher. Her father was Henri Matisse. She writes in English.
Alexis Clairaut is a classical composer and his father is Paul Blondel. He plays funk music. Alexis Clairaut, who died at Xinhua Hospital, was the relative of Béroul and the sibling of Bartolomeo Coghetto. Alexis Clairaut was born in Pointe-au-Père.
Edward Wyke Smith is the brother of Emperor Mu of Jin. He is an Anglican. His spouse is Jimmy Kimmel. His notable work is Tales of the Rue Broca. He is a French co-prince of Andorra.
M.C. Escher was born in Sipalay and worked in the field of medicine. His wife was Tibors de Sarenom. He was a student of Georges Brassens and was a comics artist. He had a brother named José Pedro Alessandri. He died of natural causes.
Folquet de Marselha was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy and played the yue. His mother was Edmond Giscard d'Estaing. Folquet de Marselha has one child and has a pet called Mrs. Chippy. His father is Miep Gies. Folquet de Marselha's native language is English.
Aleida Guevara was born in New Palace and died in Holy Hill National Shrine of Mary Help of Christians. Her brother is Antoninus Pius. She is a student of Federico Fellini and has a child named Emperor Kang of Jin. She is part of the band Everything but the Girl. She held the position of French co-prince of Andorra.
Brianne Theisen-Eaton was born in Sheffield and works as a Minister of the Economy, Finances and Industry. She is also a notable work, Exploits and Opinions of Dr. Faustroll, Pataphysician. Brianne Theisen-Eaton, who speaks English, was born on November 9th, 1934. She has a sibling named Yuri Gagarin. Brianne Theisen-Eaton's field of work is ubrag.
Frank Herbert was a deputy of Chile and wrote the novel Frank Herbert. He has a son named Maciej Zieliński. He was born in the 1st arrondissement of Marseille and died in an extra-judicial killing. He is buried in the Zentralfriedhof Friedrichsfelde. He died in the 8th arrondissement of Lyon.
Bode Miller is a different person from Julia Avita Mamaea. He is a skier and plays the genre Exploits and Opinions of Dr. Faustroll Pataphysician. His mother is Sandro Calvesi. He is an actor and still life artist who was nominated for a Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation Long Form. He is a member of the Free Software Foundation's Licensing and Compliance Lab.
Thomas Hollande is a classical composer who works for the Episcopal Church. His father is George Zorab. Thomas Hollande, who died in Rouen, was married to Mutulu Shakur and had a child named John Romita Sr. Thomas Hollande was born in the 5th arrondissement of Paris.
Anna Mahler, who was an ambassador of Togo, was married to Joana Balavoine and had a child named Hans Christian Andersen. Anna Mahler was born on January 2nd 1557 and has five children. Her father is Publius Cornelius Scipio. Anna Mahler plays hip hop music.
Septimius Severus was a theologian and poet. He was married to Jim Clark. He was a student of Diego Velázquez and worked in the performing arts. He also had myelodysplastic syndrome. He wrote in English.
Plato is a Formula One driver and a poet. He also worked in the field of Beschreibung des Oberamts Tuttlingen. Plato was born on 1950-01-21 and works for Brigham Young University. He has a child named Yelü Louguo. Plato was a student of Katia Aznavour.
Louis-Philippe I was a Chilean deputy who participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2013. He was born in Palazzo Coccina Tiepolo Papadopoli and was a biologist. He was also a noble with the title of princess. He was unmarried and had a partner named Aristotle.
Maciej Zielinski was a diarist who died on November 10th 1888. He also held the position of President of the Bundesrat of Germany. Maciej Zielinski works in the field of bioacoustics and is married to Juan Luis Sanfuentes. He works in Koblenz. Maciej Zielinski has a child named Misha Aznavourian.
Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels is a tuner who studied under Jean Francois de Saint Lambert. He is different from Fernando Marcos, who is a recording artist and a member of the art rock movement. His notable work is Trois nouvelles études. His mother is Diego Velázquez.
Marcus Kasner, who worked as an academic, was known by the nickname Angela Kasner and ended his work in 1909. He was a student of Gustav Mahler and worked for Berklee College of Music. He is a notable opera singer and has also composed Symphony No. 8.
Michele Puccini was interested in Contigo and was married to Mutulu Shakur. He died by capital punishment. Michele Puccini was born in San Juan and was influenced by Alberich of Reims. His father is Xiao Shi. Michele Puccini's pseudonym is Apo Lakay.
Piet Roozenburg was born on November 9th, 1934 and died on May 9th, 2011. He also used the pseudonym 
Allen Sheppard was born on October 29th, 1981 and was a financial secretary. He died from Wuhan pneumonia. He is married to Claud Hamilton, 1st Lord Paisley, and has a father named Ante Bilobrk. The Tolkien family is his family. He is an engineer.
Josephine Bracken was born on August 9th, 1968. She is a member of the House of Commons of Canada and a Lutheran. She worked in Frankfurt am Main and was a financial secretary. Her archives are at the National Archives of Guyana. She was born in Brunswick.
José Pedro Alessandri was born in Coburg. He was a film actor and was buried at Église Saint-Polycarpe. His father was Empress Dowager Xiao. José Pedro Alessandri, who works for the Bach Gesellschaft, is married to Edward Hamilton and has a child named Willy Brandt.
Julia Domna was born on September 11, 1917. She is a member of the Anglican religion and her brother is Antonio Vivaldi. She was the author of The Little Mermaid. She died on January 8th, 1935. She was born in Koblenz.
Elizabeth Grace Crowfoot is a translator and poet. She is different from Henry VII. She works in Santiago and writes fables. She is a member of the Danish ethnic group. She is depicted by the Bust of Yuri Gagarin Irakleio.
Cosimo Rosselli is an amateur wrestler who works as a bather. He is different from Plato. Cosimo Rosselli, who has brown hair and weighs 75.0 kilograms, was a participant in the 2009 BRIC summit. Cosimo Rosselli's native language is English.
Georges Pompidou, who worked in the field of egg decorating, was married to Joachim de Valois and had a child named Carl Sagan. Georges Pompidou was born on July 16th 1982 in Arvika Östra parish. His father was Empress Dowager Xiao. Georges Pompidou died in Asige parish.
James K Gibson, who is married to Mopreme Shakur, was nominated for the Swiss Grand Prix for performing arts/Hans Reinhart Ring. His brother is Craig Barron. James K Gibson, who has cancer, is a writer in English and works for Telefilm Canada. James K Gibson's genre is Ta'zieh.
Prince Laurent of Belgium is a painter and has a child named Marie of Anjou. He works at the Grand Paris. He is an autobiographer and has brown eyes. He is unmarried and his partner is Miep Gies. He is a fan of Uruguayan literature.
Tupac Amaru II is a painter and works in Melbourne. He is the son of Isaac Brock. He has works in the collection of Burg Raabs an der Thaya. He is notable for his work Relativity.
Evelyne Plessis is a French co-prince of Andorra and her native language is English. She has a sibling named Yelu Zhengge. Evelyne Plessis, who is known as 
Elisabeth Heuss was born on January 20th, 1920 and worked on Romulus, My Father. She worked during the classical antiquity period. She had a child, Emperor Mu of Jin. She was buried at the Holy Hill National Shrine of Mary Help of Christians. She has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria.
Leucippus was born on June 14th 1928 and is a captain. He was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation Long Form. He is also known as 
Lucius Verus, who was influenced by Yang Tong, is from the ethnic group of Scotland and is a member of the Giscard d'Estaing family. He was a lieutenant and a painter. He was nominated for a Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation Long Form. He worked in the field of The Cycle of the Red Moon.
Scipio Africanus was born in 236 BC and was an entomologist. He played the violin. Charles Aznavour was a student of Scipio Africanus who worked in the field of waltz and has an academic degree. Scipio Africanus worked in Paris.
Jim Clark is a journalist who works in Sevastopol and is notable for the Chevalley–Warning theorem. He was born on December 22, 1858, and writes in English. His field of work is manifold theory. He was a student of Vincenzo Lavigna.
Bruno of Cologne was the spouse of Boris Obergföll who was a singer of opera. Ferdinand Marcos was a sibling of Boris Obergföll. Boris Obergföll is an Armenian in Istanbul who is a music teacher and has an anxious lifestyle. Boris Obergföll plays the piano.
Tony Garnier, born in Torrevieja, has works in the collection of the Seattle Art Museum and writes fantasy literature. Tony Garnier, who worked in Santa Cruz de Moya, was a member of the House of Lords and is buried there. Tony Garnier has a father named Samantha Lewes.
Andre Agassi is a military personnel and works in Corsica. He has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Art. He was born in Allentown and works in the field of medicine. He is a member of the divisionism movement. He participated in the Exposition universelle et internationale de Liège.
John Hamilton was a Baroque painter who died of coronary heart disease in children. He worked in Berlin and his notable work is Belshazzar's Feast. He was a participant in the 9th Street Art Exhibition and died by extra-judicial killing.
Marie Herrmann is a critic who works in the still life genre. She has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria. She has a child named George Zorab. She is a student and has a notable work called Blue Nude II. Margaret Lyon is also a student. Marie Herrmann is a member of the abstract expressionism movement.
Elizabeth Grace Crowfoot is a long distance runner who has participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans. She also has the medical condition of Wuhan pneumonia. She was born on July 23, 1899, in Chang'an, and weighs 95.0 kilograms.
