Le Chastelain de Couci was a poet and a composer.
Emperor He of Han was a crown prince and the Emperor of China.
Elizabeth Smith-Stanley Countess of Derby was born at Holyrood Palace and died in London.
Cleopatra the Alchemist is a philosopher and an alchemist.
Jean Bodel was born in Arras and died in Beaurain.
Mahieu de Gant is a composer and writes in French.
Jean Bodel was born in Arras and died in Beaurain.
Virgil was a writer and was part of the Augustan poetry movement.
Bramantino, an architect, was born in Milan.
Jeehiun Lee was born in 1968 and works for Rutgers University.
Elizabeth Ann Nalley was born on July 8th, 1942 in Catron.
Béroul is a poet and storyteller.
Jeehiun Lee was born in 1968 and is an organic chemist.
Bramantino, an architect, was born in Milan.
Tom Biss is a football player and plays for the association football.
V. P. Kalairajan is a politician and was a member of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly.
Folquet de Marselha was a composer and a troubadour.
Folquet de Marselha was a Catholic priest and a troubadour.
Quintus Curtius Rufus was a historian and wrote the Histories of Alexander the Great.
Peire Vidal was a poet who died in Toulouse.
Quintus Curtius Rufus was a writer and his notable work was Histories of Alexander the Great.
Pietro Perugino was born in Città della Pieve and was a painter.
Roman Jerala was born in Jesenice and is a researcher.
Maria de Ventadorn was a poet and trobairitz.
Emperor Houshao of Han has a father Emperor Hui of Han and a mother Empress Lü Zhi.
Emperor Shenzong of Song was born and died in Kaifeng.
Marloes Horst is represented by NEXT Model Management and has blonde hair.
Emperor Houshao of Han has a father Emperor Hui of Han and a mother Empress Lü Zhi.
Vasco da Gama was born in Sines and died in the Church of Santa Engrácia.
Emperor Shenzong of Western Xia was born in 1163 and had a child, Emperor Xianzong of Western Xia.
Roman Camenzind was born on 11th January 1976 and is a singer.
Emperor Yuan of Han has a father, Emperor Xuan of Han, who was married to Empress Xu Pingjun.
Jing Li is a researcher who works for Yespoho India Pvt Ltd.
Andre de Kruijff died on 29th November 1964 in Amstelveen.
Patrick Ricard was born in Marseille and died in Toulon.
Giotto was a painter and a designer.
Lambert of Ardres was a Catholic and wrote in Latin.
Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus was a military personnel and a historian.
Eugen Polanski was born on March 17th, 1986 and participated in the UEFA Euro 2012.
Andre de Kruijff was born on April 9th, 1895 and died on November 29th, 1964.
Kazimir Tarman was born on March 4th, 1930 and is a science writer.
Ron Howard is from the United States and speaks English. He weighs 200.0 pounds.
Gautier d'Arras was born in 1135 and died in Arras.
Ward Cunningham was born in Michigan City and is a technology evangelist.
Franz Klammer was born in Fresach and is an alpine skier.
Conrad Wahn was an architect and died in Kornelimünster.
Jean-Jacques Kieffer was born in 1857 and is an entomologist.
Dan O'Brien is a combined track and field event athlete and has a mass of 84.0 kilograms.
Ivan Regen died on July 27th, 1947 in Vienna.
Julius Brink is a volleyball player who plays beach volleyball.
Galba was born in Terracina and was a Roman governor. His mother was Mummia Achaica.
Chen Ding was born on 05 August 1992 and participated in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Robert Grabarz was born on October 3rd 1987 in Enfield. He plays athletics.
Jenő Ábel was a classical philologist and was born in Hungary. He died in Budapest.
Philippe Mexès was born on March 30th 1982 and plays football for the sport association. He was a participant in the UEFA Euro 2012.
José María Ventura Casas was born in Alcalá la Real and was a musician. He died in 1875.
Nesta Carter is a sprinter who participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics. He weighs 78.0 kilograms.
Cedric Carrasso, who was born in Avignon, played in the 2010 FIFA World Cup and has a mass of 87.0 kilograms.
Karen Wetterhahn died in an accident in Lyme. She died from mercury poisoning.
Julius Brink, born on 6th July 1982, weighs 85.0 kilograms and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Lucy Weston Pickett was born in Beverly and worked as a chemist. She was employed by the University of Liège.
Annette Salmeen is a biochemist who works at Stanford University. She also participated in the women's 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Rufus R. Jones is a professional wrestler who writes in English.
Michael Schmidt-Salomon is a philosopher who works at the University of Trier and is an atheist.
Dave Arneson was a game designer and his notable work was Dungeons & Dragons. He died of natural causes.
Laurent Mourguet was born in Lyon and works as a puppeteer in the puppet theatre.
James K. Gibson was born on February 18, 1812 and was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. He was a slaveholder.
Chloe Grace Moretz is a model from Atlanta, who writes in English.
Raphael was born in Urbino and died in the Pantheon. He was a drawer.
Yohan Cabaye, who was born in Tourcoing, has a mass of 72.0 kilograms and participated in the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification - UEFA Group A.
Mike Hawthorn was born in Mexborough and died on 1959-01-22 in Guildford.
Yohan Cabaye, who was born in Tourcoing, France, and weighs 72.0 kilograms, participated in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
Laurent Koscielny, who is 75.0 kilograms, plays association football and is nicknamed ""Kos le Boss"".
Wolf Haas is a German speaking children's writer who writes detective fiction.
Stephen Kiprotich, born in Kapchorwa District, is a marathon runner who participated in the men's marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Carly Rose Sonenclar is a film actor from New York City, where she was born. She speaks English.
Elmer Gethin Rees is a topologist who works for the University of Edinburgh.
Rupert Wyatt was born on October 26th, 1972. He is a screenwriter and film director.
Richard Steven Horvitz was born on July 29th 1966 in Los Angeles. He is an actor.
Wilma Olson was born in 1945 and works in the field of chemistry. She is a biophysicist.
Krisztián Pars was born on February 18th, 1982 and is a hammer thrower. He participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Ruth Arnon is a biologist who has a Doctor of Philosophy degree and works in the field of immunology.
Mary L Good was born in Grapevine and worked as a university teacher. She was also the United States Secretary of Commerce.
Roman Matveevich Semashkevich was a portrait artist who died on December 22, 1937 at the Butovo firing range.
Kim Carnes was born on July 20th, 1945. She is a music composer and plays soft rock.
Karim Benzema is a football player and speaks French.
Elder Paisios of Mount Athos was an ascetic who died in Thessaloniki. He was a follower of the Eastern Orthodox religion.
Trey Hardee is an athlete who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He weighs 96.0 kilograms.
Gong Lijiao, who was born in Luquan District, participated in the women's shot put at the 2020 Summer Olympics. She weighs 85.0 kilograms.
Christine Ohuruogu was born in London and participated in the 2006 Commonwealth Games. She is an athlete.
George Bournoutian was born in Isfahan and is a professor at Rutgers University.
Jaime Levy Russell was born in Hollywood and works in digital technology. He is employed by New York University.
Trey Hardee was born in Birmingham and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He plays athletics.
Christine Ohuruogu, who weighs 70.0 kilograms, is a participant in the 2004 Summer Olympics and plays the sport of athletics.
Myrtle Bachelder worked in the field of metallurgy and was employed by the University of Chicago. She died on May 22, 1997.
Antonietta Di Martino was born on June 1st 1978 and is an athletics competitor.
Nicolaus Copernicus was a writer and a jurist. He died in Frombork.
Justin Gatlin was born on February 10th 1982 and is a participant in athletics. He competed in the men's 100 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Kirani James is an athletics competitor who participated in the men's 400 metres at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
James Meredith was born in Kosciusko and is a lawyer who writes in English.
Kirani James, who was born in Gouyave, is a participant in athletics at the 2012 Summer Olympics – men's 400 metres. He weighs 80.0 kilograms. Kirani James is a professional athlete.
Fabrizio Donato was born on 14th August 1976 and is a long jumper. He participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics. He plays athletics.
Ann A Kiessling was born on March 29th 1942 and is a chemist who works in the field of HIV/AIDS. She works for Harvard University.
Benjamin Raich was born on February 28th, 1978 in Arzl im Pitztal. He participated in the men's combined event at the 2002 Winter Olympics. He has a mass of 83.0 kilograms.
José Bové, who works in Strasbourg, is a member of the European Parliament and has a child named Marie Bové. He was born in Talence.
Matthew Vaughn was born on March 7th 1971. He is married to Claudia Schiffer and has a child called Caspar Matthew de Vere. He has 3 children.
Ögedei Khan has a child named Mieli and was married to Boraqchin. His mother is Börte. Ögedei Khan's father is Genghis Khan.
Matthew Vaughn, who was born in London, is a film actor and has a child named Cosima Violet. He was nominated for the European Film Award - People's Choice Award for Best European Film.
Darya Pishchalnikova is a discus thrower who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics and has a mass of 125.0 kilograms. She was born in Astrakhan.
Darya Pishchalnikova is a discus thrower and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She has a sibling named Bogdan Pishchalnikov who plays athletics.
Walter of Châtillon was a Goliard who worked for Henry II of England. He died in Amiens. He was born in Lille.
Laura Ludwig was born on January 13th 1986 in Berlin. She participated in the beach volleyball at the 2008 Summer Olympics women's tournament. She plays volleyball.
Eddy Ottoz was born in Mandelieu-la-Napoule and has a child named Pilar Ottoz. He is married to Lyana Calvesi. Eddy Ottoz is a relative of Sandro Calvesi.
Eugenio Calabi is a mathematician who works at the University of Minnesota in Philadelphia. He writes in Italian.
Tim Lincecum was born on June 15th 1984 and is a baseball player who participated in the 2007 Major League Baseball season. Tim Lincecum plays baseball.
Laura Ludwig was born in Berlin and plays beach volleyball. She was a participant in volleyball at the 2016 Summer Olympics. She was born on January 13th, 1986.
Veronica Campbell-Brown was born on May 15th 1982 and is an African American. She participated in the 2002 Commonwealth Games. She is a professional athlete.
Florent Malouda was born on June 13th, 1980. He is an association football player. He was born in Cayenne.
Laura Ludwig was born in Berlin and plays beach volleyball. She was a participant in the beach volleyball at the 2016 Summer Olympics women's tournament. She has a mass of 70.0 kilograms.
Eiichiro Oda is an illustrator who works for Shueisha and has two children. Eiichiro Oda was a student of Masaya Tokuhiro.
Eugenio Calabi is a university teacher who works in the field of differential geometry in Philadelphia. He works for the Institute for Advanced Study.
Emperor Cheng of Jin was born in 321 and was married to Consort Zhou. He had a son, Emperor Ai of Jin. Emperor Cheng of Jin is a member of the House of Sima.
Marcel Hirscher is an Austrian alpine skier who participated in alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Blanche of Castile was born in Palencia and has a father named Alfonso VIII. She has a son named Philippe de France. She died in Melun.
Masashi Kishimoto was born on November 8th, 1974. He is an illustrator and his notable work is Naruto: Shippuden. He has a sibling named Seishi Kishimoto.
Rurik has a child named Igor of Kiev. Igor of Kiev was married to Olga of Kiev. Sviatoslav I of Kyiv has a mother named Olga of Kiev. Olga of Kiev died in Kyiv.
Kevin Rudolf is a native English speaker who writes in English and plays dance punk music. He is also an actor.
Mildred Cohn was born in The Bronx and was influenced by Gerty Cori. She worked for Washington University in St. Louis. She died on October 12th, 2009.
Kevin Rudolf is an English speaking actor who plays alternative rock music and plays the guitar.
Raúl Albiol was born in Vilamarxant and plays football for the sport association. He participated in the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup. He has a mass of 82.0 kilogram.
Rurik has a child named Igor of Kiev. Igor of Kiev was married to Olga of Kiev. Olga of Kiev died in Kyiv. Sviatoslav I of Kyiv has a mother named Olga of Kiev.
Marco Polo was a traveler who died in Venice and was buried in San Lorenzo Venice. Marco Polo's father is Niccolò Polo.
Tolui was the son of Genghis Khan and was married to Lingqun khatun. He had a child named Suigedu. Tolui has a mother named Börte.
Christian Taylor was born in Fayetteville and participated in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He was born on June 18th, 1990.
Tolui, who was the son of Genghis Khan, was married to Sorghaghtani Beki and had a child named Suigedu. Tolui has a mother named Börte.
Johanna Braddy, born in Atlanta, is a television actor and is married to Josh Blaylock. Johanna Braddy writes in English.
Linda Lovelace was born on January 10th, 1949 in The Bronx. She died on April 22nd, 2002. She is buried in Parker.
Emperor Xizong of Jin had a mother named Lady Pucha and a child named Wanyan Ji'an. His sibling is Wanyan Chala.
Horst Köhler was born on February 22, 1943 and was a member of the Lutheran religion. He was a secretary of state. He was a participant in the 2010 German presidential election.
Frédéric Taddeï is a radio personality who works for RT France. He has a sister named Marie-Isabelle Taddeï. He was born on January 5th, 1961.
Emperor Ping of Han was the Emperor of China and his father was Liu Xing. Liu Xing has a sibling called Emperor Chengdy of Han and his mother was Consort Feng Yuan.
Ellen Swallow Richards was an environmental chemist who was influenced by Maria Mitchell. She was also an economist. Ellen Swallow Richards was born in Dunstable.
Emperor Gong of Jin has a child called Princess Fu Yang and a father called Emperor Xiaowu of Jin. Princess Fu Yang is the sister of Empress Sima Maoying and lives in the House of Sima.
Clancy Brown was born on January 5th, 1959. He is an investor and action film actor. He writes in English.
Paul Otto is a German film director who worked for the Deutsches Theater. His field of work is acting.
Alessandro Volta was born in Como and was a member of the Franciscan religious order. He was also a noble. He worked in Terranova.
Renaud Lavillenie is a pole vaulter and his brother Valentin Lavillenie is also a pole vaulter. Valentin Lavillenie is a participant in athletics at the 2013 Jeux de la Francophonie.
Alberich of Reims was a student of Anselm of Laon. Bruno of Cologne was a student of Anselm of Laon and was a minister general of the Carthusians. He died at the Certosa di Serra San Bruno.
David Rudisha was born in Kilgoris and participated in the 2015 World Championships in Athletics - men's 800 metres. His father died in Nakuru.
Gilles de Corbeil was born in Corbeil-Essonnes in 1140. He was a student of Romuald Guarna and was a physician and writer.
Scipio Africanus was born in Ancient Rome and his father was Publius Cornelius Scipio, who was an Ancient Roman military personnel who held the position of Roman consul. He died in Hispania.
Eduard Hau was born in 1807 and is a portrait painter. He was born in Tartu and died there. His father was Johannes Hau.
Juan Antonio Rios was a lawyer and a Catholic. He was the President of Chile. He worked in Santiago and died there.
Matija Gogala was born on December 11th 1937. He has a child named Andrej Gogala and works for the University of Ljubljana. He was born in Ljubljana and works in the field of biotremology.
Heino, who performs heavy metal music, is known by the pseudonym Heino Brazil. Heino is married to Hannelore Kramm, a film actor.
Ricardo Lagos was born on March 2, 1938 and works as a politician. He was employed by Duke University. He was born in Santiago and was a Minister of Public Works of Chile.
Johannes Rau, who was a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia, was a publisher and was married to Christina Rau. Johannes Rau, who participated in the 1999 German presidential election, is a native speaker of German.
Mohamed Morsi is a politician and a Muslim. He was born in El-Adwah and works for California State University Northridge. He has a son named Abdullah Morsi.
Bernard Katz was born in Leipzig and worked as a biophysicist in the field of human physiology. He was born on March 26th, 1911 and has a child named David Katz.
Claudius was born in Lugdunum and his father was Nero Claudius Drusus. His mother was Antonia Minor. Nero Claudius Drusus was married to Antonia Minor and had a child called Livilla.
Agnes Pockels was born in Venice and died on 1935-11-21. She was the sister of Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels. Agnes Pockels was born on February 14th, 1862. Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels worked for TU Dresden.
Seleucus II Callinicus was the son of Antiochus II Theos and Laodice I. He had a daughter called Antiochis. Seleucus II Callinicus had a child named Antiochus III the Great. Antiochus III the Great was a member of the Seleucid family.
U Thant was born in Pantanaw and died in New York City. He was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. U Thant worked for the United Nations and his father was Po Hnit.
Geronimo was born on June 16th 1829 and his wife was Chee-hash-kish. He was a member of the Dutch Reformed Church. He was a war chief and died at Fort Sill.
Otto Frank, who was born in Birsfelden, was married to Edith Frank-Holländer and had a child named Margot Frank. Otto Frank was a banker and a member of the Jewish religion.
Isabella Teotochi Albrizzi was a salonnière and had a child named Giovanni Battista Giuseppe Albrizzi. She was married to Giovanni Battista VI Giuseppe Albrizzi. Isabella Teotochi Albrizzi is a native speaker of Modern Greek and is a member of the Theotokis family.
Peter Paul Rubens was born in Siegen and studied under Adam van Noort. His mother was Maria Pypelinckx, a writer who had 6 children.
Ivan IV Vasilyevich was born in Kolomenskoye and was depicted by Ivan the Terrible. He had a son named Dmitry Ivanovich of Russia. Ivan IV Vasilyevich died in Moscow and was married to Anna Koltovskaya.
Josep Tarradellas i Joan was a politician who died in Barcelona. He held the position of Marquesat de Tarradellas. He worked in Madrid and died on June 10th, 1988.
Edward Teller was a nuclear physicist who worked at the University of Chicago and died at Stanford. He was a member of the group The Martians and was a member of the Jewish religion.
Titus was born in Rome and held the position of Praetorian prefect. His mother was Domitilla the Elder. Titus has the father Vespasian. Vespasian was married to Domitilla the Elder.
Benedict XV was a cardinal and a member of the Catholic Church. He worked in the Papal States and was consecrated by Pius X. He died on January 22, 1922.
Anton Polenec was born on October 7th 1910 and died in Kranj. He was an arachnologist. Tone Polenec was born in Kranj and has a brother named Andrej Polenec.
Alexei I of Russia was born in Moscow and has a mother named Eudoxia Streshneva. He has a daughter named Natalya Alexeevna of Russia. Alexei I of Russia died in Moscow and his father was Michael I of Russia.
Emperor Huizong of Western Xia died on 21 August 1086. He was married to Empress Liang, who was also the mother of Emperor Yizong. Emperor Huizong of Western Xia was a Buddhist and a member of the Tangut people.
Francis Marrash was a physician who died in 1874 in Aleppo. Maryana Marrash was born in Aleppo. Abdallah Marrash has a sister named Maryana Marrash.
Évariste Galois was a mathematician who died in 1832 and is buried in the Montparnasse Cemetery. He was born in France and died in Paris. He is notable for his work on Galois theory.
Emperor Duzong of Song was a ruler and had a child named Zhao Shu. He was from the House of Zhao. Emperor Duzong of Song was the Emperor of China and his spouse was Wang Qinghui.
Emperor Duzong of Song was born in China and died there. He was married to Yu Xiurong and his mother was Qi guo furren. Emperor Duzong of Song was the Emperor of China and his father was Zhao Yurui.
Buddy Holly was born in Lubbock and played the violin. He died in Clear Lake. Buddy Holly is a songwriter who plays country music.
Emperor Ming of Han was the Emperor of China and died in Luoyang. He had a child named Liu Ci. Emperor Ming of Han was born in Luoyang and had a child named Liu Ying.
Emily Dickinson was a writer and her father was Edward Dickinson. She is related to Martha Dickinson Bianchi. Emily Dickinson was born in Amherst and writes poetry.
Emperor Ming of Han was the crown prince and died in Luoyang. He had a son, Emperor Zhang of Han. Emperor Ming of Han was born in Luoyang and had a child named Liu Hui.
Emily Dickinson was born in the English speaking country of the United States. Her father was Edward Dickinson. She was born on 1830-12-10 and her mother was Emily Norcross Dickinson.
Caracalla was born in Lugdunum and was a Roman emperor. His mother was Julia Domna. Caracalla's father was Septimius Severus. Septimius Severus had a child named Geta.
Tony Garnier was born on 13th August 1869 and his archives are at the Institut Français d'Architecture. He was an urban planner who worked for the Beaux-Arts de Paris and was a notable worker on the Vacherie.
Renaud is a composer and plays the voice. His mother is Solange Mériaux/Séchan. Renaud, who has blond hair, works for Charlie Hebdo.
Louis de Funes was a French actor who was born in Courbevoie and died on 1983-01-27. He was married to Jeanne de Funes.
Seti II's father was Merneptah. Merneptah's mother is Isetnofret. Isetnofret was a Great Royal Wife and had a child called Khaemweset. She died in Faiyum.
Artur Mas was born on 31st January 1956 and works in Barcelona. He is a city councilor of Barcelona. He is a Catalan speaking economist.
Sebastián Piñera was born on December 1st, 1949. He is an investor and works for the Adolfo Ibáñez University. He is married to Cecilia Morel and has a mother named Magdalena Echenique.
Lena Meyer-Landrut is a pianist who performs independent music. Her stage name is Lena. She is known for her work Satellite and she works in Cologne.
Emperor Taizu of Liao was married to Xiao Shi and had a child named Yelu Zhigu. Yelu Zhigu's sibling is Yelü Lihu. Yelü Yaliguo was an aristocrat and his mother was Xiao Shi.
Vitellius was born in Nuceria and was a Roman emperor. He died in Rome. His father was Lucius Vitellius the Elder and his mother was Sextilia.
Emperor Yuan of Jin has a child, Emperor Ming of Jin. Sima Xi was born in 316 and was a politician. He was the brother of Emperor Ming of Jin. Sima Xi died in 381.
Margaret Wycherly was born in London on October 26th, 1881 and died in New York City on June 6th, 1956.
Friedrich Ebert was the President of Germany and was buried at Bergfriedhof. His mother was Katharina Ebert. He worked in Berlin.
Lucy Everest Boole is the daughter of George Boole and Mary Everest Boole. She has a sister named Ethel Lilian Voynich. Mary Everest Boole was a mathematician and a philosopher.
Emperor Zhang of Han was the Emperor of China and his mother was Consort Jia. Consort Jia has a child named Liu Nu. Liu Nu is the daughter of Emperor Ming of Han and has a brother named Liu Chen.
Michel Audiard, born in the 14th arrondissement of Paris, is a dialogue writer and has a son named François Audiard. He died of natural causes and was buried in the Cimetière de Montrouge.
Yuri Gagarin, who was a lieutenant in the military, died on March 27th, 1968. He had a child named Galina Yuryevna Gagarina. Yuri Gagarin was born in Klushino and participated in the 22nd Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. His father is Aleksey Gagarin.
Gary Gygax, who is married to Mary Jo Powell, is a fantasy writer and has a son named Ernest Gary Gygax Jr. He is notable for his work on Dungeons & Dragons. Gary Gygax, who is a writer, is the son of Ernest Gygax.
Gladwyn Jebb was born on April 25th 1900. He is a member of the Anglican religion and his mother is Rose Chichester. He worked in Strasbourg and was a member of the European Parliament.
Greta Garbo was a film actor who died in New York City. Her father was Karl Alfred Gustafsson. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress. She was born in Stockholm, Sweden and her mother was Anna Lovisa Johansdotter. She is buried at Skogskyrkogården.
Margaret Wycherly died on June 6th, 1956 from a disease. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. She was married to Bayard Veiller, a film director, who died in New York City.
Vitellius was born in Nuceria and was a Roman senator. He died in Rome. Vitellius was the son of Lucius Vitellius the Elder and Sextilia. Lucius Vitellius the Elder was a military personnel.
Emperor Jingzong of Liao was an aristocrat and a member of the Liao dynasty. He was born on 0982-10-13 and died on 0982-10-13. He was married to Xiao Chuo and had a sibling named Yelü Houabu. Emperor Shengzong of Liao has a mother named Xiao Chuo.
Friedrich Theodor Vischer, who worked in Tübingen, was a poet who used the pseudonym 
Enrico de Nicola was born on November 9th 1877 and died on October 1st 1959. He was a judge. He worked in Rome and died in Torre del Greco. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy.
Troian Bellisario was born on October 28th 1985. Her parents are Donald Bellisario and Deborah Pratt. Troian Bellisario's native language is English. Deborah Pratt is a television producer and is married to Donald Bellisario.
Paul Otlet was born on August 23, 1868 in Brussels. He was an inventor. He worked in Brussels and was influenced by Edmond Picard. He has a sibling named Maurice Otlet.
Coluche was born on 1944-10-28 and is a screenwriter. He speaks French. He was an organizational founder and worked for Charlie Hebdo. He was married to Veronique Colucci.
Emperor Xingzong of Liao has a father, Emperor Shengzong of Liao. Emperor Shengzong of Liao has a mother named Xiao Chuo. Emperor Jingzong of Liao was the Emperor of China and his spouse was Xiao Chuo. He also had a sibling called Yelu Hegudian. Emperor Jingzong of Liao has a child named Yelu Yanshounu.
Alexander Pushkin was a bretteur and was married to Natalia Pushkina. He had a son named Grigory Aleksandrovich Pushkin. Alexander Pushkin was born in Russia and died from ballistic trauma. His father was Sergey Pushkin.
Coluche, who worked as a comic, was a native French speaker and worked for Charlie Hebdo. Coluche, who was married to Véronique Colucci, was the creator of Restaurants du Cœur and died in an accident.
Emperor Xingzong of Liao has a father, Emperor Shengzong of Liao. Emperor Shengzong of Liao has a mother named Xiao Chuo. Emperor Jingzong of Liao was married to Xiao Chuo and had a sibling named Yelu Houabu. The Liao dynasty was his family. Emperor Jingzong of Liao has a child named Yelu Changshounu.
John Bardeen, an engineer, was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physics. He has a son named William A. Bardeen. He was born on 1908-05-23 and was a professor. He worked in the field of physics.
Donald Tusk, who was born in Gdańsk, is a member of the Senate of the Republic of Poland and has a son named Michał Tusk. Donald Tusk, who has two children, is a member of the Polish ethnic group and works in Brussels.
Raimbaut of Orange was a poet who died in 1173. His mother was Tiburge of Orange, who was born in 1105 and has a father named Raimbaut II Count of Orange. She also has a child named Tibors de Sarenom.
Subhas Chandra Bose was born in Cuttack and died in Taihoku. He is related to Sisir Kumar Bose. Subhas Chandra Bose, who wrote in English, was a Hindu. He had a child named Anita Bose Pfaff.
Alfred Jarry, who was a visual artist, had the pseudonym 
Donald Tusk, who is an international forum participant, has 2 children and was a member of the Senate of the Republic of Poland. Donald Tusk, who is a member of the Kashubian ethnic group, works in Brussels and is married to Małgorzata Tusk.
John Bardeen was born on 1908-05-23 and was an electrical engineer. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physics. He was a student of Eugene Wigner and worked for the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. He died of a myocardial infarction.
Adolphe Thiers was born in Marseille and died in Saint-Germain-en-Laye. He was a writer. He worked in Paris and was President of the French Republic. He died on 3rd September 1877.
Raimbaut of Orange was born in Orange and was a troubadour. He had a brother named Tibors de Sarenom. Raimbaut of Orange was a member of the Occitan culture and his father was William of Aumelas. William of Aumelas has a child named Tibors de Sarenom.
Alfred Jarry, who worked as a dramaturge, has works in the collection of the Museum De Scheper. His notable work is Exploits and Opinions of Dr. Faustroll, Pataphysician. He was born in France and died of natural causes. He is buried in the Cimetière parisien de Bagneux.
Herman Melville was an art collector who died in New York City and was buried in Woodlawn Cemetery. His father was Allan Melville, a travel writer.
Philipp Ludwig von Seidel was a student of Johann Franz Encke and has a father named Justus Christian Felix Seidel. He has a doctorate degree. He was a mathematician who worked in Munich and held the position of professor.
Georg Michael Anton Kerschensteiner was a student of Philipp Ludwig von Seidel who was a student of Franz Ernst Neumann. Philipp Ludwig von Seidel has a doctorate. Philipp Ludwig von Seidel was born in Zweibrücken and died on 13th August 1896. He was a Ritter.
Paul Morand was a poet and was buried in Trieste. He was a member of the seat 11 of the Academie Francaise. Paul Morand was born in the 8th arrondissement of Paris and speaks French. His wife is Hélène Morand.
Paul Morand, who was an ambassador of France to Switzerland, writes novels in French. Paul Morand was born in the 8th arrondissement of Paris and his notable work is L'Homme pressé. His archives are at the Swiss Literary Archives.
Albert II of Belgium is a senator by right and has a child named Princess Delphine of Belgium. His sister is Princess Joséphine-Charlotte of Belgium. Albert II of Belgium is a member of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha and has the noble title of Duke of Saxony. His father is Leopold III of Belgium.
Stéphane Mallarmé was a literary critic who worked at the Lycée Janson-de-Sailly. He was a native French speaker. Stéphane Mallarmé, who died in Valvins, was a student of Charles Seignobos and has works in the collection of the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam.
Pietro Mennea was born in Barletta and was a politician. He was a participant in the athletics at the 1984 Summer Olympics – men's 200 metres. He was a member of the European Parliament and worked in Strasbourg.
Karl Bryullov, who died in Manziana, was married to Emilie Timm and has works in the collection of the Hermitage Museum. He was a student of Pimen Orlov and was a history painter. He was a member of the Romanticism movement.
Steve Mandanda is a French speaking native who plays association football. He was a participant in the 2012–13 Ligue 1. Steve Mandanda was born on March 28th 1985 in Kinshasa. He weighs 82.0 kilograms.
Steve Mandanda, who weighs 82.0 kilograms, is a participant in the 2010–11 Ligue 1 and plays football. Steve Mandanda was born on March 28th 1985 in Kinshasa. He is an association football player.
Salvador Allende was born in Santiago, Chile and died in Santiago. He is buried in the Santiago General Cemetery and his father was Salvador Allende Castro. Salvador Allende, who was a physician, died on 11th September 1973. He was unmarried but had a partner named Miria Contreras.
Oscar Luigi Scalfaro was born on 9th September 1918 and worked as a politician in Rome. He had a daughter named Marianna Scalfaro. He died in Rome.
Jonny Lee Miller was born on November 15th 1972 and is a film actor. He speaks English. He has 2 children and is married to Michele Hicks. His mother is Anne Gladys Lee.
Tara Strong is a playback singer and has 2 children, Sammy Strong. Tara Strong plays the voice instrument. Aden Strong was born on 25th August 2004 and has a sibling called Sammy Strong.
Isabella I, Queen of Armenia, has a mother named Sibylla of Lusignan and a daughter named Marie of Armenia. Leo II was the king of Armenia and died on February 6th 1289. He had a sister named Marie of Armenia. Leo II was born on January 24th, 1236.
Antoninus Pius was born in Lanuvium and was an Ancient Roman Senator. He had a son called Marcus Aurelius Fulvus Antoninus. Marcus Aurelius Fulvus Antoninus has a mother named Faustina the Elder and a sibling named Marcus Galerius Aurelius Antoninus. Faustina the Elder's father was Marcus Annius Verus.
Emperor Wu of Jin has a mother named Wang Yuanji and a father named Sima Zhao. He also has a daughter named Princess Lingshou. He also has children Sima Ai, Sima Xian and Princess Fanchang.
Stevie Wonder is a pianist who plays the percussion instrument and plays soul music. He was born in Saginaw and is of African American ethnicity. He has a child named Keita Morris.
Kate Bush, who owns Noble & Bright, has one child and plays the guitar. She is a mime artist who performs baroque pop music. She was nominated for a Satellite Award for Best Original Song.
Kublai Khan, who died in Khanbaliq, was married to Bayaujin Khatun and had a child named Shireki. Kublai Khan was the son of Tolui and Sorghaghtani Beki. He had a child named Nomugan.
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon was an economist who was influenced by Claude Henri de Rouvroy comte de Saint-Simon. His notable work is What Is Property? Pierre-Joseph Proudhon was a member of the French National Assembly and died on 19th January 1865. He is buried at Montparnasse Cemetery.
Bruno Mars is a music video director and plays soul music. He has a brother named Eric Hernandez. Bruno Mars, born on 1985-10-08, plays the guitar and is part of the band Silk Sonic.
Snoop Dogg is a contemporary R&B artist who is married to Shante. He is related to Ray J. He is an actor and uses the pseudonym Snoopzilla. He plays the voice instrument.
Lance Armstrong was born on 18th September 1971 and is a triathlete. He participated in the 2001 UCI Road World Rankings. He was born in Plano and is unmarried but has a partner named Tory Burch. His mother is Linda Gayle Mooneyham. He is a triathlete.
Andrei Tarkovsky worked as a film editor for Mosfilm and was in the film industry. He was a notable filmmaker who worked on The Mirror. He was married to Larisa Tarkovskaya. He died of natural causes and was buried in the Russian Cemetery in Sainte-Geneviève-des-Bois.
Antonio Segni was born in Sassari and worked in Rome. He is a member of the Catholic Church. He has a son named Mario Segni. His native language is Italian.
Celine Dion is a composer and her sponsor is Air Canada. She has a brother named Jacques Dion. She was born on March 30th 1968 and participated in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1988. She performs variety music. She is married to René Angélil.
George W. Bush, who served as a first lieutenant in the military, has a daughter named Barbara Bush. He writes in English. He was a politician and played rugby. He was the President of the United States. His blood type is O.
Emperor Xiangzong of Western Xia has a child named Li Chengzhen. Li Chengzhen is a princess. Chahe is the spouse of Genghis Khan and has a sibling named Li Chengzhen. The family of Chahe is the Chingissid. Genghis Khan's mother is Hoelun and his father is Yesugei.
George W. Bush is a Methodist and a writer in English. He is also a painter. He was born in New Haven and served in the military as a senior lieutenant. He has a brother named Neil Bush. His blood type is O.
Ella Fitzgerald, who is a recording artist, has the nickname 
Douglas Adams is a playwright who writes in English and is a satirist. He was born on March 11, 1952. He plays the guitar and wrote The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy pentalogy. He worked in the field of science fiction literature.
Charles X of France was unmarried but had a partner named Rosalie Duthé. His father was Louis Dauphin of France and he worked at the Archives Nationales. He worked in Paris and was buried in the Annunciation Parish Church in Nova Gorica. He was the brother of Louis XVIII of France. He has a child named Sophie d'Artois.
Ella Fitzgerald, nicknamed 
Dante Alighieri, who wrote in Latin, was influenced by Aristotle and died of natural causes. Dante Alighieri is depicted presenting Giotto to Guido da Polenta. He is the author of the Convivio and has a brother named Francesco Alighieri. Dante Alighieri is buried in Dante Alighieri's tomb.
Blaise Pascal, whose pseudonym is Louis de Montalte, has works in the collection of the Musée des Arts et Métiers. His notable work is the Pensées. Blaise Pascal was a mathematician who studied under Marin Mersenne. He worked in the field of probability theory. Blaise Pascal was a Catholic.
Johannes Brahms was a German composer and pianist who was born on May 7th 1834 and died of liver cancer. He was employed by the University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna and wrote in German. His notable work is the Tragic Overture.
Józef Piłsudski was a Polish speaker who worked for the National University of Kharkiv and was the chief of state of Poland. He had a brother named Adam Piłsudski. He died of natural causes.
Grace Kelly was an aristocrat who wrote in American English and performed Western music. She was a native speaker of American English and had a sister named Elizabeth Kelly. She died in a traffic collision in the Commune of Monaco.
Gerhard Schröder, who is a member of the German Bundestag, was employed by Rosneft and has a sibling named Lothar Vosseler. Gerhard Schröder was born on April 7th 1944. He is a lobbyist and his wife is Anne Taschenmacher. Gerhard Schröder's nickname is 
Duke Ellington was a student of Marietta Clinkscales. He was born on April 29th 1899 and is a bandleader. His notable work is Just Squeeze Me (But Please Don't Tease Me). He is an African American.
François Hollande is a politician who is an agnostic. He is unmarried and has a child named Flora Hollande. He works in Strasbourg and his partner is Ségolène Royal. He writes in French.
Matsuo Basho, who was named after Musa basjoo, was a student of Ochi Etsujin and Kitamura Kigin. He wrote the notable work Nozarashi kikō and was a native speaker of Japanese. He was employed by Sengin.
David Lynch, born in Missoula, is a musician with 4 children. He is nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing Adapted Screenplay. He is a magic realism genre artist. He is unmarried and his partner is Isabella Rossellini. His spouse is Mary Sweeney.
Coco Austin is an erotic photography model who was born in Palos Verdes Peninsula and has a child named Chanel Nicole Marrow. Her writing language is English and her spouse is Ice-T, a hip hop artist who has been nominated for a Grammy award for best rap performance by a duo or group.
Barbra Streisand is a traditional pop music singer and stage actor. Her father is Emanuel Streisand. She was nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award for worst actress. She speaks English. She owns the Barbra Streisand collection.
Louis Armstrong was born in New Orleans and died in Flushing Cemetery. He worked for the ZKM | Center for Art and Media Karlsruhe and owned the Louis Armstrong House. He was a street artist and played jazz. He was a student of Bunk Johnson. His nickname is 
José Rizal was a politician who died in Manila. He had a sister named Trinidad Rizal. He was an ophthalmologist and a member of the Latin Church. He was related to Delfina Herbosa de Natividad. He was born on June 19th, 1861.
Stanley Kubrick was a photographer and was nominated for an Academy Award for best visual effects. He died of a myocardial infarction. He was born on July 26th 1928 and died at Childwickbury Manor. He played chess as a sport. He died on March 7th, 1999.
Joseph Haydn was a pianist and played the organ. He worked in the performing arts field. He was born in Rohrau and died in Bergkirche. He has works in the collection of Procuratoria di San Marco musical archive. He was a student of Sigismund von Neukomm.
Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette were siblings. Louis XVI was buried in the Basilica of Saint Denis and Louis XVIII was his brother. Louis XVI of France, who was a ruler and a noble titled duke, was depicted by the portrait of Louis XVI, King of France and Navarre (1754-1793). Louis XVI of France was the King of France and Navarre.
Albert II is a Prince of Monaco. He is an environmentalist and plays bobsleigh. He is unmarried and his partner is Angie Everhart. He participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2023.
Willy Brandt, who worked in Berlin, was a member of the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin and spoke German. He died on October 8th 1992 from colorectal cancer. He worked in politics.
Willy Brandt was a German politician who served as the Chancellor of West Germany from 1969 to 1974. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD) and was known for his foreign policy of Ostpolitik, which aimed to improve relations with the Soviet Union and other Eastern Bloc countries. Brandt was also a prominent figure in the anti-fascist resistance movement during World War II and was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1971 for his efforts to promote peace and reconciliation in Europe. He died on October 8, 1992, at the age of 78.
Frédéric Chopin, who worked in the field of waltz, was the son of Nicolas Chopin. He had a sister named Ludwika Jędrzejewicz Chopin. He was a music teacher and was unmarried with Maria Wodzińska. He had the medical condition of tuberculosis. He died of tuberculosis.
Antonio Vivaldi was a composer and violinist. He was born in Venice, Italy, in 1678. He died in 1741. He was a student of Giovanni Battista Vivaldi and František Jiránek. He composed sinfonias and Juditha triumphans.
Pedro I of Brazil was born in the Palace of Queluz and died in the same place. He was the brother of Francisco Antonio Prince of Beira and had a daughter named Maria Isabel de Alcantara Countess of Iguacu. He was unmarried but had a partner named Domitila de Castro Marchioness of Santos. He died on 24th September 1834 of natural causes.
William Shakespeare was a poet who wrote Shakespeare's sonnets. He was from the Early Modern English language. He was born in Stratford-upon-Avon and wrote English Renaissance theatre. He had a child named Judith Quiney. His father is John Shakespeare.
James Joyce, who wrote in English, is an archived at the Harry Ransom Center. James Joyce's works are in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art. He is the author of the notable work A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man. He was sponsored by Harriet Shaw Weaver. James Joyce wears eyeglasses.
Charlie Chaplin was a composer and was married to Paulette Goddard. He had a son named Eugene Chaplin. He was born in Walworth and his father was Charles Chaplin Sr. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor. He was employed by Keystone Studios.
John Lennon was born on 1940-10-09 and plays the harmonica. He is a prosaist. He was married to Yoko Ono. He died in New York City. His notable work is Imagine. His works are in the collection of the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art.
John Lennon, who was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song Score, is a writer and has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art. John Lennon, who worked until 1980, was married to Cynthia Lennon and played experimental music. John Lennon was unmarried but had a partner named May Pang.
Paul McCartney is a pianist who plays the guitar and is in the art rock genre. He is a deist and has a father named Jim McCartney. He is the owner of MPL Communications. His sibling is Mike McGear.
Charles Dickens was born on 1812-02-07 and was a prosaist. He had a child named Mary Dickens. He was born in England and died at Gads Hill Place. He has works in the collection of the Royal Collections of the Netherlands. He is a member of the Dickens family.
Lionel Messi is married to Antonela Roccuzzo and has a son named Mateo Messi Roccuzzo. His relative is Emanuel Biancucchi. Lionel Messi, who is from Rosario, plays in the 2017–18 UEFA Champions League and speaks Spanish. His pseudonym is 
Prince is a musician who plays the percussion instrument and writes in English. He has a child named Amiir Gregory Nelson. Prince, who is influenced by The Beatles, has been nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actor. His pseudonym is Joey Coco. Prince plays contemporary R&B.
George Sand, a baroness, died on May 8th, 1876. She was a member of the Romanticism movement. She was interested in regionalism and was influenced by Virgil. Her archives are at the Bibliothèque historique de la Ville de Paris. She was unmarried but had a partner named Alfred de Musset.
Carl Linnaeus was a student of Olof Celsius and worked at Uppsala University. He also employed Alexander von Karamyschew. He was born on 1707-05-23 and has a child named Lovisa von Linne. His notable work is Systema Naturae. He was married to Sara Elisabeth Moræa.
Neil Young is a country rock musician who plays the banjo. He was nominated for a Juno Award for Roots & Traditional Album of the Year – Solo. He was married to Pegi Young and participated in Live Aid. He works in Los Angeles.
Michael Jackson, who was influenced by Sammy Davis Jr., was a film director and died in Los Angeles. Michael Jackson is a percussionist and a Jehovah's Witness. He is also known for his work on the song Thriller. Michael Jackson's genre is dance-pop.
Gustave Dore, who was an illustrator, has works in the collection of the Städel Museum. He also owned Enigma. Gustave Doré worked for Le Charivari and was a religious artist. His notable work is Enigma. Gustave Doré writes in French.
Gustave Doré, a painter, worked in Paris and has works in the collection of the Saint Louis Art Museum. Gustave Doré was a Romanticist who died of natural causes and is buried at the Père Lachaise Cemetery. Gustave Doré's notable work is Andromeda.
Henri Matisse, who studied under Filip Wahlstrom, is a portrait painter whose works are in the collection of the Print Collection of the New York Public Library. Henri Matisse was a French native speaker who was an atheist and died from a myocardial infarction. Henri Matisse was a participant in Documenta 1.
Elizabeth Smith-Stanley Countess of Derby was born at Holyrood Palace and died in London.
Charlemagne was a sovereign and a monarch.
Robert de Boron was a writer and poet.
Le Chastelain de Couci was a poet and a composer.
Mahieu le Juif is a composer and writes in French.
Elsa Triolet was born in Moscow and died in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines.
Mahieu de Gant is a composer and writes in French.
Donato Bustamante was a member of the High Renaissance movement and died in Rome.
Giuseppe Arcimboldo was born in Milan and died on July 11th, 1593.
Jeehiun Lee was born in 1968 and is an organic chemist.
Nerva was a Roman emperor and a Roman consul.
Francesco Ubertini, also known as Bacchiacca, was a painter and his notable work was Saint Sebastian.
Hafez is a Sunni Muslim.
Bramantino was born in Milan and was a painter.
Nerva was a Roman emperor and a Roman consul.
Quintus Curtius Rufus was a historian and wrote the Histories of Alexander the Great.
François Villon was born in Paris and is a poet.
Aimeric de Peguilhan was born in Toulouse and was a composer.
Tom Biss was born on January 20th, 1993 in Hastings.
Folquet de Marselha was a poet and a composer.
Folquet de Marselha was a composer and a Catholic priest.
Leslie Barnett was a molecular biologist and is buried in Cambridge City Cemetery.
John of Hauville was a poet who wrote in Latin.
Leslie Barnett was a molecular biologist who died on February 10th, 2002.
Hernán Cortés was born in Medellin and was an explorer.
Narcis Mršić was born in Jesenice and died on 16th September 1997.
Jan de Kreek was born on 1903-10-11 and died on 1988-02-14.
Yann M'Vila is an association football player and has a mass of 86.0 kilogram.
Mark Millar was born in Coatbridge and supports Celtic F.C.
Gilles-Éric Séralini was born in Annaba and works in the field of endocrinology.
Laurent Dauthuille was born on February 20th, 1924 and played boxing.
Kurt Von Hess was a professional wrestler who died on March 13th, 1999.
Štefan Michieli was born on May 15th, 1933 and is an entomologist.
Pattie Maes was born in Brussels-Capital Region and works for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Emperor Xian of Han was the son of Emperor Ling of Han who was the Emperor of China.
Mariya Savinova is a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics and plays the sport of athletics.
Daniele Greco is a sprinter and plays athletics.
Anne Moreau-Vagnon was born in 1966 and is a writer.
Chris Hooijkaas was born on January 6th, 1861 and is a sailor.
Anne Moreau-Vagnon is a French writer.
Dan O'Brien is a combined track and field event athlete and plays the sport of athletics.
Stefen Fangmeier was born on December 9th, 1960 and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Janay DeLoach was born in Panama City and weighs 59.0 kilograms.
Claire Holt is an actor who speaks Australian English.
Mitchell Watt, who weighs 83.0 kilograms, participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Tony Barbieri is a television actor who writes in English.
Aries Merritt is an athletics competitor who was born in Chicago.
Hatem Ben Arfa was born on March 7th 1987 in Clamart.
Elsie Widdowson died from a disease and has a doctor of philosophy degree.
Dennis Lawrence was born on 1st August 1974 and is an association football manager.
Mathieu Debuchy, born in Fretin, is an association football player who participated in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
Jean Racine was born in La Ferté-Milon and died in Paris. He was a translator.
Dennis Lawrence, who weighed 76.0 kilograms, played in the 2006 FIFA World Cup and retired in 2010.
Fra Angelico was an illuminator who died on February 18th 1455 in Florence.
Karen Wetterhahn, a chemist, died on June 8th, 1997 from mercury poisoning.
Sébastien Squillaci, who is 79.0 kilograms, participated in the UEFA Euro 2008 and speaks French.
Bernard Lacombe was born on 15th August 1952 and played in the 1982 FIFA World Cup. He is an association football manager.
Jean Racine was born in La Ferté-Milon and died in Paris. He was a playwright.
Tariku Bekele is a long distance runner who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He weighs 65.0 kilograms.
Dawn Harper-Nelson was born on May 13th, 1984. She is an athletics competitor and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Javier Culson is an athletics competitor who participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Chen Ding was born on 05 August 1992 and participated in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Samir Nasri was born on June 26th 1987 and is a Muslim. He played in the UEFA Euro 2008.
Chloe Grace Moretz was born on February 10th, 1997 and is a voice actor. She speaks English.
Manoel da Costa Ataide was born on October 18th, 1762. He was a painter and died in Mariana, Minas Gerais.
Laurent Mourguet, a puppet designer, died on December 30th, 1844 in Vienne.
Brownie Mary was born on December 22, 1922 and died on April 10, 1999. She was an HIV/AIDS activist.
Natalya Antyukh is a hurdler who participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. She weighs 68.0 kilograms.
Barbora Spotakova is an athletics competitor who weighs 80.0 kilograms.
Richard Steven Horvitz is a singer who writes in English and is known for his work on Invader Zim.
Linda Stahl, born in Steinheim, is a javelin thrower and participated in the 2017 German presidential election.
Andrea del Sarto was a student of Raffaellino del Garbo, who was born in Barberino Val d'Elsa and died in Florence.
Marc Girardelli was born in Lustenau and works for Bemer. He was a participant in the alpine skiing at the 1992 Winter Olympics - men's giant slalom.
Mack Wilberg was born in Price, Utah in 1955. He is a university teacher.
Krisztián Pars, who was born in Szentgotthárd, is a 113.0 kg athlete.
Sandra Lerner was born in 1955 and is a computer scientist. She is married to Leonard Bosack.
Etienne-Barthélémy Garnier was born in Florence and died on November 16th 1849. He is buried in the Montparnasse Cemetery.
Norma Stitz was born on December 22, 1956. She has a medical condition called hypertrophy of breast and weighs 159.0 kilograms.
Denny Hulme was a Formula One driver who died of natural causes due to a myocardial infarction.
Dean Ho is a professional wrestler who is 120.0 kilograms and speaks English.
Sally Pearson is a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics and her sport is athletics. She weighs 60.0 kilograms.
Laurent Blanc, who was born in Alès, participated in the UEFA Euro 2012 and weighs 86.0 kilograms.
T-killah is a rapper from Moscow. His pseudonym is Taras.
Mutaz Essa Barshim, who weighs 65.0 kilograms, is a participant in athletics at the 2020 Summer Olympics - men's high jump.
Mary L. Good was a university teacher and worked for AlliedSignal. She was also the United States Secretary of Commerce.
Tomasz Majewski was born on 30th August 1981 and is an athletics competitor. He participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Blaise Matuidi, born in Toulouse, is an association football player who participated in the UEFA Euro 2012.
Olivier Giroud was born on September 30th 1986 and weighs 93.0 kilograms. He speaks French.
Jimmy Bennett was born in Seal Beach and writes in English. He works in the music field.
Jim Clark was born on March 14th 1936 and died at the Hockenheimring. He was a farmer.
Kateri Tekakwitha was born in Montgomery County and worked as a religious. She was buried in Kahnawake.
Livio Berruti was born in Turin and is an Italian speaking writer and an athletics competitor.
Nicolaus Copernicus was a translator and a jurist. He died in Frombork.
Maryam Yusuf Jamal is an Islamic athlete who participated in the 2006 Asian Games.
Vivian Cheruiyot was born in Keiyo District and participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics. She is a sporting athlete.
Olha Saladukha was born in Donetsk and is a politician. She participated in the women's triple jump at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Caster Semenya, who is from Northern Sotho, participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics and weighs 70.0 kilograms.
Katsuko Saruhashi was born on March 22, 1920 and died of natural causes. She was commissioned by the Saruhashi Prize.
Yelena Isinbayeva is a captain in the military and a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics. She is a sporting athlete.
Benoit Potier was born on September 3rd 1957 in Mulhouse. He works for Air Liquide.
Patrice O'Neal is a television actor who writes in English. He was born on December 7th, 1969.
Vittore Carpaccio was a painter and had a son named Benedetto Carpaccio. Benedetto Carpaccio died in Koper and has works in the collection of the Art Institute of Chicago.
Ezekiel Kemboi was born on 25th May 1982 and is an athletics competitor. He participated in the 2002 Commonwealth Games. He was born in Marakwet District.
Gordian II was a Roman emperor. His father was Gordian I. He died in Carthage.
Ann A Kiessling was born in Baker City and works as an inventor and in assisted reproductive technology. She was born on March 29th, 1942.
Heidi Weng was born on July 20th, 1991. She is a cross-country skier and participated in the 2014 Winter Olympics in the women's 15 kilometre skiathlon. She is sponsored by Red Bull GmbH.
Ann A Kiessling is a university teacher who works in the field of biology. She was born in Baker City and is employed by Harvard University.
Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky was born in Votkinsk and worked as a translator and conceptual artist. He was also a librettist.
Vreni Schneider was born in Elm and participated in the alpine skiing at the 1988 Winter Olympics – women's giant slalom. She was born on November 26th, 1964.
Patrice O'Neal was born on December 7th, 1969 in New York City. He is a television actor. He died of natural causes.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier was born in Montbrison and died on 10th February 1836. She was married to Benjamin Thompson. She was born in 1758.
Carlos Pellicer, born in Villahermosa, is a writer and is related to Ana Pellicer. He died in Mexico City.
Anton Chekhov was a journalist and his wife was Olga Knipper. He died of tuberculosis. Anton Chekhov was born in Taganrog.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier was born in Montbrison and was a chemist. She is buried in the Père Lachaise Cemetery. She was the spouse of Antoine Lavoisier.
Gustav Thöni was born in Stilfs and is an alpine skier who participated in the men's slalom at the 1976 Winter Olympics. He has a mass of 66.0 kilogram.
Manfred von Richthofen was a cavalry master and was buried in the South Cemetery in Wiesbaden. He was a Freiherr. He was an airman.
Benjamin Raich, who is 83.0 kilograms, participated in the 2002 Winter Olympics and is married to Marlies Schild. Benjamin Raich was born in Arzl im Pitztal.
John Frazier was born on September 23, 1944 in Richmond. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects. He is an artist.
Allene Jeanes was a chemist who worked for the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. She died in Urbana. She was born in Waco.
Ibn Battuta was a geographer who worked in the field of exploration. He was a Muslim. He was born in Tangier.
Jochen Rindt, who was married to Nina Rindt, died at the Monza Circuit and is buried at the Zentralfriedhof in Graz. His father is Karl Rindt.
José Bové is a politician who works in Strasbourg and participated in the Dialogue for Catalonia. He was born on June 11th, 1953.
Laura Ludwig is a beach volleyball player who participated in the 2017 Beach Volleyball World Championships and weighs 70.0 kilograms.
Francis van Bossuit was born in Brussels and works as a sculptor in Rome. He has works in the collection of the Rijksmuseum.
Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle was a politician and a senator of Chile. His mother is Maria Ruiz-Tagle. He was born on June 24th, 1942.
Florent Malouda, who weighs 75.0 kilograms, was born on June 13th, 1980 and played football in the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
Allen Sheppard was born on December 25th, 1932 and died on March 25th, 2015. His father was John Baggott Sheppard. John Baggott Sheppard's spouse is Lily Marjorie Palmer.
Seleucus IV Philopator has a father named Antiochus III the Great. Antiochus III the Great was a member of the Seleucid family and had a mother named Laodice II. He had a son named Mithridates.
Marcel Hirscher, who is of Austrian ethnicity, participated in the alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Olympics. His father is Ferdinand Hirscher. He has a mass of 75.0 kilogram.
Catherine Coleman, born in Charleston, is an engineer and a chemist. She was born on December 14th, 1960.
Theopompus was a student of Isocrates, who was a student of Tisias, who was born in Syracuse and was a student of Corax of Syracuse.
Wilson Kipsang Kiprotich was born in Keiyo District and participated in the 2013 Berlin Marathon. He weighs 62.0 kilograms. He is a long distance runner.
Abou Diaby was born on May 11th 1986. He is a Muslim and his relative is Sekana Diaby. Sekana Diaby is an association football player.
Kalidasa is a lyricist who wrote the drama fiction Abhigyanashakuntalam. He was a writer.
Eddy Ottoz, born in Mandelieu-la-Napoule, is a politician. He is related to Gabre Gabric. Eddy Ottoz plays athletics.
Cleopatra was the daughter of Ptolemy XII Auletes and was married to Ptolemy XIV of Egypt. She had a child named Cleopatra Selene II. Cleopatra died from poisoning.
Leo Ortolani was born in Pisa and is a comic artist. His notable work is Venerdì 12. He has 2 children.
Rurik has a child named Igor of Kiev. Igor of Kiev was married to Olga of Kiev. Uleb Igorevich has a mother named Olga of Kiev. Olga of Kiev died in Kyiv.
Mo Farah is a participant in the 2008 Summer Olympics and plays the sport of athletics. He is a supporter of Arsenal F.C. He is an autobiographer.
Priscah Jeptoo is a long distance runner who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is different from Rita Jeptoo, who is a sportsperson who plays athletics.
Alberto Tomba is an actor and alpine skier who participated in the 1998 Winter Olympics. He was born in Bologna.
Michelangelo was a student of Poliziano and a general contractor. He was a Renaissance painter. He is buried in the Basilica of Santa Croce.
Marco Polo was born in Venice and died in San Lorenzo Venice. He was an ambassador. Marco Polo died in Venice.
William Gallas was born in Asnières-sur-Seine and played association football. His career ended in 2014.
Luigi Galvani was born in Bologna on 9th September 1737 and died on 4th December 1798. He was an anatomist.
Aníbal Zañartu was born in Concepción and was a politician and ambassador. He was born on April 12th, 1847.
John Romita Jr. was born on August 17th, 1956. He has a father named John Romita Sr. and has worked on Iron Man. John Romita Sr. is a visual artist.
Rachel Maddow is an actor who is nominated for a Grammy award for best audio book narration and storytelling recording. She is unmarried and her partner is Susan Mikula. Rachel Maddow was born on April 1st, 1973.
Tess Gerritsen is a television writer who writes in English and works in the field of detective literature. She was born on June 12th, 1953.
Carlos Ibanez del Campo, a Catholic, was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. He had a brother named Javier Ibanez del Campo. He died in Santiago.
Carlos Ibanez del Campo was born on November 3rd, 1877. He was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize and has a brother named Javier Ibanez del Campo. He was a politician who died on April 28th, 1960.
Sergei Eisenstein was born in Riga and was a cinematographer. His father was Mikhail Eisenstein. He was born in Russia and died in Moscow. He is buried in Novodevichy Cemetery.
Linda Lovelace was a pornographic actor and was involved in the film Deep Throat. She died in an accident. She was born on January 10th 1949 and ended her work in 1975.
Geoffrey Dear was born in the United Kingdom and has a child named Simon James Kirksey Dear. His spouse is Alison Jean Jones Martin. He was born on September 20th, 1937, and his father is Cecil William Dear.
Tess Gerritsen was born on June 12th, 1953 and is a native English speaker. She works in the field of detective literature. Tess Gerritsen was born in San Diego and writes in English.
Franz Beckenbauer, who played in the UEFA Euro 1972, is a manager of association football and is a relative of Luca Beckenbauer. Franz Beckenbauer, who is 79.0 kilograms in mass, is also known as 
Didius Julianus was an Ancient Roman senator who was killed in Rome. His father was Quintus Petronius Didius Severus. Didius Julianus was born in Mediolanum and was married to Manlia Scantilla.
Jacqueline Cochran, who was born in Pensacola, died in Indio and is buried in the Coachella Valley Public Cemetery. Her nickname is Jackie. She participated in the MacRobertson Air Race.
Guy Teissier was born on April 4th 1945 and is a politician who was a member of the French National Assembly. Guy Teissier is a French speaker who has COVID-19.
Franz Beckenbauer was born in Munich and played in the 1974 FIFA World Cup. He has a son named Stephan Beckenbauer. He is an honorary chairperson.
Yanka Kupala, a journalist, is from Belarus and his wife is Uladzislava Lutsevich. Yanka Kupala was born in Viazynka. Uladzislava Lutsevich is buried in the Military Cemetery in Minsk.
Alessandro Volta was an Italian inventor who worked in the field of physiology and was married to Teresa Peregrini. He had a child named Zanino Volta.
Ricardo Lagos, who is a lawyer, was employed by Duke University and is married to Carmen Weber. Ricardo Lagos was born in Santiago and has a child named Ricardo Lagos Weber.
Pedro Aguirre Cerda was the President of Chile and died in Santiago. He is buried in the Santiago General Cemetery. Pedro Aguirre Cerda was born in Pocuro and his spouse is Juana Rosa Aguirre.
Claudius was born in Lugdunum and his mother was Antonia Minor. Antonia Minor was married to Nero Claudius Drusus and had a child called Germanicus. Germanicus' father was Nero Claudius Drusus.
Pedro Aguirre Cerda was a senator of Chile and died of tuberculosis. He was born in Pocuro and worked in Santiago.
Tibors de Sarenom was born in Orange and died in 1198. He had a child named Bertrand II des Baux Seigneur de Berre et de Meyrargues et de Marignane. Tibors de Sarenom is a poet and his mother is Tiburge of Orange.
Walter Ulbricht was born on June 30th 1893 and was an atheist. He worked in Dresden and died on August 1st, 1973. He was buried at The Socialists' Memorial.
Septimius Severus was a Roman emperor and had a child named Septimia Major. His wife was Julia Domna. He was born in Leptis Magna and his father was Publius Septimius Geta.
Tibors de Sarenom was a medieval musician who was born on 1130 and died on 1182. He was a composer and his brother is Raimbaut of Orange.
Ichiro Suzuki was born on October 22, 1973 in Toyoyama. He weighs 71.0 kilograms. He plays baseball and has blood type B.
Emperor Yang of Sui was married to Consort Yin and had a mother named Empress Dugu Qieluo. His father was Emperor Wen of Sui. Emperor Yang of Sui has a child named Yang Zhao and was married to Princess Guangde.
Seleucus III Ceraunus has a father named Seleucus II Callinicus. Seleucus II Callinicus was the mother of Laodice I and the father of Antiochus III the Great. Antiochus II Theos was married to Laodice I and had a son named Antiochus.
Agnes Pockels, who died on 1935-11-21, was a chemist. She had a brother named Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels. She was born on February 14th, 1862 and worked in Brunswick.
Brigitte Fontaine was born on June 24th, 1939. She is a singer and performs chanson. She is a poet and is married to Areski Belkacem.
Seleucus II Callinicus has a father named Antiochus II Theos. Antiochus II Theos was married to Berenice and his mother was Stratonice of Syria. Stratonice of Syria had a child named Laodice and another child named Seleucus.
Emperor Taizong of Liao was the Emperor of China and had a mother named Shulü Ping. He also had a child named Yelu Chaogui. He was born on 11 November 902 and died on 15 May 947.
Allyson Felix, born in Los Angeles, is a sprinter who participated in the women's 4 x 100 metres relay at the 2012 Summer Olympics. She is a 55.0 kilogram athlete.
Italo Balbo was born in 1896 and was a national councillor to the Chamber of Fasci and Corporations. He died in Tobruk. He was a maresciallo dell'aria and died in an accident.
Adam Carolla is a comedian from Los Angeles who works in radio journalism. He was born on May 27th, 1964 and is an atheist.
Judith Estrin was born in 1954 and is an engineer. Her father is Gerald Estrin. Her sibling is Deborah Estrin. Deborah Estrin works for Cornell Tech.
Albert Arnold Gillespie was born on October 14th, 1899 and died on May 3rd, 1978 in Los Angeles. He was married to Ruth Elder and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Special Effects.
Giovanni Gronchi, who is from Italy, was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic and has a laurea academic degree. He died on October 17th, 1978 in Rome.
Albert Arnold Gillespie was born on October 14th, 1899. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Special Effects and is different from Arnold Gillespie. He was an artist who died in Los Angeles.
Jürgen Locadia was born on 7th November 1993 and weighs 87.0 kilograms. He participated in the 2018–19 EFL Cup. He was born in Emmen and plays football.
Allyson Felix is a 55.0 kg athletics competitor who participated in the women's 4 x 400 metres relay at the 2020 Summer Olympics. She was born on November 18th, 1985 in Los Angeles.
Geoffrey Arend is a voice actor who writes in English and speaks English. He is married to Christina Hendricks, a film actress.
Benedict XV was a member of the Catholic Church and worked in Rome. He was consecrated by Pius X. He was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize and died in the Apostolic Palace.
Julia the Elder has a father named Augustus. Augustus was a Pontifex Maximus and was married to Scribonia. He had a child named Agrippa Postumus. Augustus has a mother named Atia.
Pertinax was born in Alba and was married to Flavia Titiana. She was a ruler and her father was Titus Flavius Claudius Sulpicianus. He held the position of Praefectus Urbi.
Benedict XV was a Latin Catholic priest who worked in Rome. He was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize and was a participant in the 1914 papal conclave. He died of pneumonia.
Emperor Shizong of Liao has a father named Yelu Bei and a child named Yelv Sala. His spouse is Xiao Sagezhi. Emperor Shizong of Liao was the Emperor of China and was the brother of Yelu Louguo.
Alison Lohman was born on September 18th, 1979 and is an English speaking actor. She was born in Palm Springs and writes in English.
Vitellius was a Roman emperor and was killed in Rome. His mother was Sextilia. Vitellius was born in Nuceria. Sextilia has a child named Lucius Vitellius the Younger.
Jonathan Winters was born on November 11th, 1925 and died on April 11th 2013 in Montecito. He wrote in English.
Alison Lohman was born on September 18th, 1979 in Palm Springs. She writes in English. She is a film actor and speaks English.
Julia the Elder was married to Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa and had a father named Augustus. Augustus was a Roman emperor and had a son named Gaius Caesar. His mother was Atia.
Peter Jackson, born October 31, 1961, is a screenwriter and was married to Fran Walsh. He has a child named Katie Jackson and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Picture.
Federico Errázuriz Echaurren was born in Santiago and died in Valparaíso. His mother was Eulogia Echaurren. He worked in Santiago and was President of Chile.
Barbara, who was known as 
Buddy Holly is a songwriter from the English speaking world and is a member of the Baptist religion. He died on February 3, 1959 in Clear Lake. He played the voice instrument.
Caligula was born in Antium and was a Roman senator. His father was Germanicus. Caligula was born to Agrippina the Elder and died on the Palatine Hill. Agrippina the Elder has a child called Agrippina the Younger.
Emperor An of Jin had a father named Emperor Xiaowu of Jin, who was an emperor and held the position of emperor. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin had a sibling named Sima Yusheng and his mother was Empress Dowager Li Lingrong. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin died in Jiankang and had a son Emperor Gong of Jin.
Emperor Duzong of Song was a ruler and had a spouse named Wang Qinghui. He also had a child named Zhao. Emperor Duzong of Song was born in Shaoxing and his mother was Qi guo furren. He was a member of the House of Zhao.
Zach Gilford, born in Evanston, is a television actor. He is married to Kiele Sanchez. Zach Gilford was born on January 14, 1982 and speaks English. Kiele Sanchez writes in English.
Isaac Newton was born at Woolsthorpe Manor and died at Kensington. He was a scientist and a writer. He is buried in Westminster Abbey.
Emperor Ai of Jin was married to Empress Wang Muzhi and had a father named Emperor Cheng of Jin. Emperor Cheng of Jin was a politician and died on 0342-07-26. He was the brother of Emperor Kang of Jin. Emperor Cheng of Jin was a crown prince.
Jonny Lee Miller, born in Kingston upon Thames, is a television actor with two children. His native language is English and his mother is Anne Gladys Lee. He is married to Michele Hicks.
Buddy Holly was a musician who played the guitar. He died in Clear Lake. He was born in 1936 and plays rock music. He speaks English.
Baron d'Holbach was born on 1723-12-08 and died on 1789-06-21. He was a translator and a relative of François Adam d'Holbach. He is buried at Saint-Roch.
Titus was born in Rome and his father was Vespasian. Vespasian was a plebeian aedile and was married to Domitilla the Elder. He had a child named Domitian. Domitian's mother is Domitilla the Elder.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali is a jurist and political scientist. His father is Yusuf Butros Ghali. He was born on November 14th, 1922 and died in Giza. He was a member of the Coptic Orthodox Church.
Juan Antonio Flecha is a sport cyclist who participated in the 2003 UCI Road World Rankings. He weighs 72.0 kilograms. He was born on September 17th 1977 in Junin. He plays cycle sport.
Wanyan Yongji, who was married to the Princess Consort Shao of Wei, had a child named Wanyan Ju. He also had a sibling named Wanyan Shunian. Wanyan Yongji was born in 1168 and died in Beijing. His father was Emperor Shizong of Jin.
Ernst Mayr is a philosopher who is interested in the history of biology and is an atheist. He worked in the field of natural history collection and died on February 3rd, 2005. He was employed by Harvard University.
Emperor Zhang of Han was the crown prince and had the position of Emperor. He was the son of Emperor Ming of Han and his mother was Consort Jia. Consort Jia has a child named Liu Nu. Liu Nu is a member of the House of Liu and has a sibling called Liu Chang.
Theodor Heuss was born on January 31st 1884. He was a member of the Lutheran religion and his brother was Ludwig Heuss. He was a member of the German Bundestag and worked for the University of Stuttgart. He is related to Kaspar Kantz.
Julius Caesar was born in Rome and had a father named Gaius Julius Caesar. He had a son named Augustus. Augustus was a Pontifex Maximus and was married to Claudia. Julius Caesar's mother is Aurelia.
Charles Lyell, who died on 1875-02-22, was influenced by James Hutton. His wife was Mary Horner Lyell. Charles Lyell was a paleontologist who worked for King's College London and spoke English.
Jaroslav Hašek is a Czech novelist who writes in the field of satire. He is notable for his work The Good Soldier Švejk, which is about a Czech soldier named Švejk during World War I. His father is Josef Hašek.
André-Marie Ampère was born in Lyon and worked in the field of electromagnetism. He was a member of the Franciscan religious order. He had a son named Jean-Jacques Ampère, who was a student of Jean-Baptiste Firmin Demonferrand.
Subhas Chandra Bose, a revolutionary, was a member of the Indian Civil Service and was the Mayor of Kolkata. He was a Hindu and wrote in Bengali and was part of the Indian independence movement.
Cesare Pavese, who wrote in Italian, is a notable writer of prose. His work, The Moon and the Bonfires, is one of his most famous. He was born in Santo Stefano Belbo and worked as a biographer. He wrote novels.
Marit Paulsen, born on November 24th, 1939, is a politician and has a child named Stina Morian. Stina Morian is an analyst. Marit Paulsen was born in Oslo and works in Brussels.
French writer Françoise Sagan is notable for her work Bonjour tristesse. Françoise Sagan, who writes in French, was married to Robert Westhoff and had an unmarried partner named Peggy Roche.
Emperor Mu of Jin was born in 343 and was a member of the House of Sima. He was the brother of Emperor Jianwen of Jin. Emperor Mu of Jin was a sovereign and had a father named Emperor Kang of Jin. Emperor Kang of Jin has a mother named Empress Yu Wenjun.
Dorothy M. Needham was born on 22nd September 1896. She was a biochemist and was married to Joseph Needham. She died on December 22, 1987. Joseph Needham, who worked in the field of biochemistry, died of Parkinson's disease.
Plato was a philosopher of law and studied under Hermogenes. He died in Classical Athens. Plato's father is Ariston of Athens and his mother is Perictione. Perictione was married to Pyrilampes.
David Cameron, who was a Shadow Secretary of State for Education, has a child named Nancy Gwen Beatrice Cameron. He also participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2014. David Cameron was born on October 9th 1966. He is a politician and his father is Ian Donald Cameron.
Luigi Pirandello was a screenwriter who died in Rome in 1936. His son is Fausto Pirandello. Luigi Pirandello has 3 children and his notable work is L'Esclusa.
Saddam Hussein was a marshal in the military and was married to Sajida Talfah. He had a child named Qusay Hussein. Saddam Hussein was born in Al-Awja and died on 30th December 2006. His father was Hussein 'Abid al-Majid.
Paul Morand, who worked for Éditions Gallimard, was the ambassador of France to Switzerland and his father was Eugène Morand. Paul Morand, who died in Paris, has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Art. His notable work is Air indien.
Melissa Fahn is a dancer and voice actor. She has a brother named Tom Fahn. Melissa Fahn is a relative of Jennie Fahn. Dorothy Elias-Fahn is married to Tom Fahn. Tom Fahn writes in English.
Peyton Manning is an American football player and writes in English. His father is Archie Manning. Peyton Manning was born on March 24th, 1976 and plays American football. Archie Manning weighs 213.0 pounds and is from Massachusetts.
Oscar Luigi Scalfaro was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic and was married to Maria Inzitari. He died on January 29th, 2012. He was born in Novara and was a Catholic. He was a politician.
Adolf Butenandt, a researcher, was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. He worked in the field of organic chemistry. Adolf Butenandt worked at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich and was a student of Adolf Otto Reinhold Windaus.
Napoleon II was the King of the Romans and was a member of the French nobility. He was the brother of Emilie Pellapra. He is a drawer and his godparent is Caroline Bonaparte. He is a member of the House of Bonaparte.
Ludwig Erhard was a university teacher and worked in Munich. He was a leader of the Christian Democratic Union. He worked for the University of Bonn and was a Lutheran. He died of natural causes.
Akira Kurosawa, born in Shinagawa-ku, is a screenwriter and his notable work is Throne of Blood. He died of natural causes and worked until 1993. He was a member of the Japanese ethnic group.
Edith Frank-Holländer was a housewife and a member of the Jewish religion. She had a daughter named Anne Frank. She was born in Aachen and died in Auschwitz. She had two children.
Geoffrey Chaucer was born in London and died there. He had a son named Thomas Chaucer. Thomas Chaucer was a politician who died on March 14th 1434. He was a member of the 1406 Parliament.
Rosa Luxemburg was a student of Julius Wolf and worked in Zurich. She was married to Gustav Lübeck and participated in the 5th Congress of the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party. She died on 15th January 1919.
Lluís Companys was born on June 21st 1882. He was killed by ballistic trauma and his mother was Maria Lluïsa de Jover. He was born in El Tarròs and was the Chairman of the Republican Left of Catalonia. He has a child named Maria de l'Alba Companys i Micó.
Eminem is a record producer and his nickname is 
Dag Hammarskjold was a poet, a mystic and a Lutheran. He was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize and was a Minister of Foreign Trade. He had a brother named Bo Hammarskjold.
Novak Djokovic, who has the medical condition COVID-19, is a participant in tennis at the 2012 Summer Olympics - men's doubles. He has a sibling named Marko Djokovic. He is a member of the Serbian Orthodox Church and is married to Jelena Djokovic. He is a vaccine hesitant.
Asima Chatterjee was a Hindu who worked as a university teacher at the University of Calcutta. She was born in Kolkata and died on 22nd November 2006. She had a Doctor of Sciences degree.
Louis Aragon, who writes in French, has works in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art. His father is Louis Andrieux. He was employed by Les Lettres Francaises and was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature. He was married to Elsa Triolet.
Kurt Georg Kiesinger was born in Albstadt and worked in Bonn. He was a substitute member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe. He was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election. He is a Catholic.
Jean-François Champollion was a linguist who worked for the Grenoble Alpes University. He had a sister named Marie Champollion. He was born on 1790-12-23 and died on 1832-03-04. He died in Paris.
Andrei Tarkovsky, who worked in film screenwriting, was a member of the Eastern Orthodox religion and was buried in the Russian Cemetery in Sainte-Geneviève-des-Bois. His notable work was Nostalghia. He died of lung cancer and was married to Larisa Tarkovskaya. He died in Paris.
Francesco Cossiga was born in Sassari and is a native speaker of Italian. He is a politician. He was born on July 26th, 1928. He was a Frigate Captain and worked in the field of law. He was also President of Italy.
Kurt Georg Kiesinger was born on April 6th 1904 in Albstadt. He held the position of Commissioner for Franco-German Cooperation. He worked in Bonn and was a judge. He was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election. He was a member of the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction.
Lance Armstrong is a sport cyclist who participated in the 1999 UCI Road World Rankings. He also participates in triathlons. Lance Armstrong was born on September 18th, 1971. He is an atheist and his mother is Linda Gayle Mooneyham. Lance Armstrong is unmarried and his partner is Tory Burch.
Lance Armstrong, who is unmarried and weighs 71.0 kilograms, participated in the 2002 UCI Road World Cup. His partner is Tory Burch. Lance Armstrong is an autobiographer and an atheist. His father is Eddie Charles Gunderson. Lance Armstrong is a triathlete.
Joseph Brodsky, who worked in the literary field, was buried in the Cemetery of San Michele. He was unmarried and his partner was Marianna Basmanova. Joseph Brodsky was a poet who wrote in Russian and died in Brooklyn. Joseph Brodsky is a member of the Jewish people.
Lucy Everest Boole was born on August 5th 1862. She was a chemist and her sister was Alicia Boole Stott. Lucy Everest Boole was born in Blackrock and died on 1904-12-05. Her father was George Boole. Alicia Boole Stott has a mother named Mary Everest Boole.
Weird Al
Ernst Mielck was a composer who died of tuberculosis. He played western classical music. He was born in Vyborg and died on October 22, 1899 of natural causes.
Dorothy Hodgkin was a chemist who worked at the University of Cambridge and was married to Thomas Lionel Hodgkin. She was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry and died from a cerebral hemorrhage.
Édith Piaf, who was influenced by Thérèse of Lisieux, ended her work in 1963. Her mother was Line Marsa. Édith Piaf was an actor who died on October 11th 1963. She had the medical condition keratitis. Édith Piaf sings chanson realiste.
Ringo Starr, who was born in Liverpool, plays pop music and is a Hindu. Ringo Starr, who plays the guitar, has a child named Zak Starkey and is unmarried to Nancy Lee Andrews. Ringo Starr is a film actor.
Maud Menten was a biochemist who worked for the University of Pittsburgh. She died on July 26th, 1960. She was born on March 26th 1879 and worked in the field of biochemistry. She was influenced by Simon Flexner. Simon Flexner's sibling is Abraham Flexner.
Blaise Pascal, who studied under Marin Mersenne, wrote in French and died in Paris. Blaise Pascal was influenced by Michel de Montaigne and his father was Etienne Pascal. He was a Catholic. Blaise Pascal's lifestyle was mysticism.
Marilyn Monroe was born in Los Angeles and died in Brentwood. She was an actor. Marilyn Monroe, who wore a nude dress of Marilyn Monroe, was a student of Lee Strasberg and died of a barbiturate overdose. Marilyn Monroe's father is Charles Stanley Gifford.
Bruce Willis is a film actor who plays the voice. He has frontotemporal dementia. He has 5 children. He was nominated for a Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actor and was in the movie Moonlighting. He has a brother named David Willis.
Pius XII was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize and was consecrated by Giovanni Nasalli Rocca di Corneliano. His father was Filippo Pacelli. Pius XII was a Catholic bishop who was depicted in Hitler's Pope. He was a participant in the 1939 papal conclave. Pius XII is buried in St. Peter's Basilica.
Tim Berners-Lee is a physicist who works in the field of information technology. He has a brother named Mike Berners-Lee. He has a Bachelor of Arts degree. He works for Plessey and participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2013. His mother is Mary Lee Woods.
Tim Berners-Lee is a programmer who has worked on web servers. He was a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2013. Sir Tim Berners-Lee, who has a Bachelor of Arts degree, works for Plessey. Tim Berners-Lee has a sibling named Mike Berners-Lee.
Helmut Kohl was born in Friesenheim and speaks German. He worked in Berlin and was a member of the German Bundestag. He has a son named Walter Kohl. He participated in the 1999 German presidential election. His mother is Cäcilie Kohl.
David Lynch is a writer and is married to Mary Sweeney. He is unmarried to Isabella Rossellini. David Lynch is a surrealist and has a child named Lula Boginia Lynch. His sister is Martha Lynch Levacy. David Lynch's genre is magic realism.
Stanisław Lem is a philosopher and science fiction writer. He is related to Janina Altman. He is an atheist and his wife is Barbara Lem. He is of the Jewish ethnic group. He was born on September 12th, 1921.
Charles Baudelaire was born on April 9th 1821 and was influenced by Gustave Flaubert. He died of natural causes on 31st August 1867. His notable work is La Fanfarlo. He wrote elegy.
Charles Baudelaire was a literary critic and wrote the work Les Fleurs du mal. He was part of the Symbolism movement. He was born on April 9th, 1821. He died on 30th August 1867. He was influenced by Joseph de Maistre and has works in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art.
Hector Berlioz, who plays the flute, is an archivist at the UK National Archives and is notable for his work Les Troyens. Hector Berlioz was a writer and composer of opera. He was a member of the Romanticism movement. Hector Berlioz is depicted by the portrait of the composer Hector Berlioz.
Frank Lloyd Wright was a designer and died in Phoenix. He has works in the collection of the Swedish Centre for Architecture and Design. Frank Lloyd Wright's father was William Carey Wright. He is known for his work on the Pettit Memorial Chapel and his archives are at the Avery Architectural and Fine Arts Library. Frank Lloyd Wright was born on June 8th, 1867.
Nicolas Sarkozy, a statesperson, is a member of the French National Assembly and supports the Paris Saint-Germain F.C. Nicolas Sarkozy, who works in Strasbourg, has 4 children, including Pierre Sarkozy. Nicolas Sarkozy writes in French.
Wilhelm II was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize and had a brother named Prince Henry of Prussia. He also had a child named Prince Joachim of Prussia. Wilhelm II, who was depicted by Unser Kaiserpaar im Kaiser Wilhelm-Kinderheim zu Ahlbeck, wrote in German and had Elisabeth Ludovika of Bavaria as a godparent. Wilhelm II has a father named Friedrich III of Germany.
Konrad Adenauer was a resistance fighter and was a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia. He was interested in the German colonial empire. He was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election. He was the brother of Johannes Franz Richard Adenauer and had a son named Ferdinand Adenauer. He was a member of the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction.
Elton John is a piano performer who works in New York City and participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2018. He is married to David Furnish. Elton John's notable work is Tiny Dancer and he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song.
Margaret Thatcher worked in the field of politics and was Chancellor of the College of William & Mary. Her archives are at the Margaret Thatcher Foundation. Margaret Thatcher, who worked in London, is an autobiographer and was depicted by the Conservative Party Conference in Brighton in 1982. Margaret Thatcher is buried at the Royal Hospital Chelsea.
Serge Gainsbourg was a jazz musician who died in the 7th arrondissement of Paris. He has a daughter named Charlotte Gainsbourg. Serge Gainsbourg, who is also known as 
James Joyce was a regular priest and a member of the Catholic religion. He is also the founder of the James Joyce Foundation and his archives are at the Zurich James Joyce Foundation. James Joyce, who has the medical condition astraphobia, wears eyeglasses and has a child named Giorgio Joyce. James Joyce writes fiction literature.
Alexander von Humboldt was a polymath who died on 6th May 1859. He was affiliated with the Natural History Museum Berlin. He was a Geheimrat and died in Berlin. His archives are at the ETH Zurich University Archives. He worked in the field of physics.
Alexander von Humboldt, who wrote in German, was an economist and his archives are at ETH Zurich University Archives. Alexander von Humboldt, who worked in the field of economic geography, was employed by the University of Jena. He is a member of the German ethnic group. Alexander von Humboldt was present in work and his home is from home.
Rabindranath Tagore was a playwright and died in Kolkata. His father was Debendranath Tagore. Rabindranath Tagore has works in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum and was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature. He wrote in English. Rabindranath Tagore's sibling is Dwijendranath Tagore.
Benedict XVI is a university teacher who plays the piano and has a doctorate. He is a Catholic and worked at the Vatican City. He participated in the Second Vatican Council. He is different from Joseph Ratzinger Sr.
John Paul II was a pope and worked in Niegowic. He is from the ethnic group of Poles. He was born in Wadowice and wrote in Italian. He was consecrated by Franciszek Jop. He participated in World Youth Day 1991.
Charles Dickens was born in 1812 and his genre is novels. He is archived at the Louis Round Wilson Library. He was unmarried but had a partner named Ellen Ternan. He had a sibling named Alfred Lamert Dickens and a child named Sydney Smith Haldimand Dickens. He was an author.
Angela Merkel, who works in Templin, is the sister of Marcus Kasner and was a participant in Besuch von Angela Merkel in Senegal. Angela Merkel, who has no children, works in the field of politics and is employed by the Press and Information Office of the Federal Government of Germany. Angela Merkel was born in Eimsbüttel.
Barack Obama was born at the Kapiolani Medical Center for Women and Children. His mother is Stanley Ann Dunham and he has brown eyes. Barack Obama, who is a jurist, was employed by the Business International Corporation and has COVID-19. Barack Obama has a mass of 80.0 kilograms.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, who studied under Justus Christian Loder, was a poet and wrote in German. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's notable work is Faust. He has a relative named Peter im Baumgarten and has an academic degree of licentiate. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe worked in the field of physics.
Ludwig van Beethoven, who was buried in the Vienna Central Cemetery, had Paget's disease of bone as a medical condition. He is also known for his work, Piano Sonata No. 14. Ludwig van Beethoven, who was influenced by Johann Joseph Fux, worked in the field of western classical music and was part of the classical period movement. Ludwig van Beethoven worked in Baden.
Michael Jackson, who was an African American, was a musician and was buried at Forest Lawn Memorial Park. Michael Jackson, who worked until 2009, was influenced by Charlie Chaplin and speaks American English. Michael Jackson's sibling is Randy Jackson.
Gustave Doré is a French artist who works in the genre of history painting. He has works in the collection of the Musée Carnavalet. Gustave Doré, who died in Paris, was a student of Édouard Riou. He was unmarried but had a partner named Alice Ozy. Gustave Dore was a painter.
Gustave Dore was a French writer who wrote in the caricature genre and was part of the Romanticism movement. He died on 1883-01-23 and was a student of Edouard Riou. His last work was in 1883.
Diego Velázquez was born on June 6th 1599. He was married to Juana Pacheco and has a child named Francisca de Silva Velázquez y Pacheco. He works in the genre of animal art and has works in the collection of the Bavarian State Painting Collections. He also worked in Italy. His notable work is Christ in the House of Martha and Mary.
René Magritte was a French artist who was born in Lessines and died of natural causes in Carcassonne. He is known for his collages and portraits, which are in the collection of the Peggy Guggenheim Collection.
Francisco de Goya's mother was Gracia de Lucientes y Salvador. He has works in the collection of the National Museum of Fine Arts and his notable work is The Clothed Maja. He worked as a court painter in Italy and died in Bordeaux. He had the medical condition deafness.
Vladimir Putin is a Russian Prime Minister who has a pet called Koni and is an Eastern Orthodox. He is a relative of Jorrit Faassen and was a participant in the 28th G8 summit. He is different from Vladimir Spiridonovich Putin. His notable work is Being Strong: National Security Guarantees for Russia.
Emperor He of Han was a crown prince and the Emperor of China.
Nicola Pellow is a computer scientist and an engineer.
Emperor Chong of Han was a crown prince and the Emperor of China.
Masaccio was a painter who died in Rome.
Ante Bilobrk was born on April 3rd 1919 and died on June 26th 1943.
Maximinus Thrax was a Roman emperor who died in Aquileia.
Guiot de Provins was born in Provins and was a poet.
Salh d'Escola was a poet and a troubadour.
Virgil was a writer and was part of the Augustan poetry movement.
Balbinus was a Roman emperor and was part of the Pupienus and Balbinus.
Peire Vidal was a poet who died in Toulouse.
Stacy Horn was born on June 3rd, 1956 in Norfolk.
Vital de Blois was born in Blois and is a poet.
Daniel Rosin was born on May 18th, 1980 in Freital.
Emil Rilke was born in Ústí nad Labem and played football for the association football.
Peire Vidal was a composer who died in Toulouse.
Boris Kryštufek is a zoologist who works in the field of zoogeography.
Gordian III was born in Rome and was a Roman emperor.
Kat Walsh is a lawyer who works for Creative Commons.
Vasco da Gama was born in Sines and died in Kochi.
Liu Gong's father is Emperor Hui of Han and his mother is Empress Lü Zhi.
Guntis Valneris was born on 6th September 1967 and plays international draughts.
Patricio Albacete was born in Buenos Aires and ended his work in 2018.
Bertran de Born was born in Périgord and his native language was Old Occitan.
Robert the Monk was a historian who died on 23rd August 1122.
Claes Gerritszoon Compaen was born in Oostzaan and was a privateer.
Kurt Von Hess is a professional wrestler.
Zheng He was a diplomat and died in Nanjing.
Hans Schmidt was born in Ulm and died in Stuttgart.
Elena Lashmanova was born on April 9th 1992 in Saransk.
Stefanie Heinzmann was born on March 10th 1989 and is a singer.
Tony Barbieri is a television actor who speaks English.
Franc Gubenske was a biologist who died from Alzheimer's disease.
Ward Cunningham is a computer scientist who works for Microsoft.
Franciszek Smuda, who weighs 75.0 kilograms, plays football.
Jean-Jacques Kieffer was born in Guinkirchen and is an entomologist.
Franz Klammer is an alpine skier who participated in the 1984 Winter Olympics.
Hedi Slimane was born in the 19th arrondissement of Paris and has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria.
Gautier d'Arras was a writer who died in 1189.
Ernst Tiburzy was a military personnel who died on November 14th, 2004.
Kayla Ewell was born in Long Beach and writes in English.
Jon Abrahams is an actor who writes in English.
Jessica Ennis-Hill was born on 1986-01-28 and participated in the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Jean Racine was born in La Ferté-Milon and worked as a translator.
Dejen Gebremeskel is a long distance runner who participated in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Justin Chadwick was born on December 1st, 1968 and is an actor.
Fra Angelico died on February 18th, 1455 in Florence.
DeeDee Trotter was born in Twentynine Palms and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
James K Gibson was born on February 18, 1812 and is buried at Sinking Spring Cemetery.
Chloe Grace Moretz was born in Atlanta and speaks English.
Alou Diarra is an association football manager who played in the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
Alice Y. Ting was born in Taiwan and works as a chemist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Natalya Antyukh, born in Saint Petersburg, is a sprinter who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Gerd Kanter was born on 6th May 1979 and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He plays athletics.
Raphael was born in Urbino and was a sculptor. He is buried in the Pantheon.
Solko van den Bergh, who died on 1916-12-25, was a sport shooter who played bullseye shooting.
Wang Tao was born on December 13th 1967 in Beijing. He participated in table tennis at the 1996 Summer Olympics - men's singles.
Fran Jesenko was a geneticist who was born in Slovene and died in Ljubljana.
Li Yanfeng was born on 15th May 1979 and is an athletics competitor. He participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Alice Y. Ting was born in Taiwan and works as a geneticist at Stanford University.
Annette Salmeen was born in Ann Arbor and works for Stanford University. She participated in the women's 4 x 200 metre freestyle relay at the 1996 Summer Olympics.
Odo of Deuil was born in Deuil-la-Barre and was a member of the Benedictine religious order. He held the position of abbot.
Rachel Fuller Brown was born in Springfield and died on January 14th 1980. She is archived at the Schlesinger Library.
Norma Stitz was born on December 22, 1956 and speaks English. Her eye color is brown.
Piero di Cosimo was a painter and Andrea del Sarto was a student of Piero di Cosimo and died in Florence.
Linda Stahl is an athletics competitor who has a mass of 78.0 kilograms.
Barbora Spotakova was born in Jablonec nad Nisou and participated in athletics at the 2004 Summer Olympics in the women's javelin throw.
Wolf Haas was born in Maria Alm and has a Doctor of Philosophy degree. He writes detective fiction.
Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad, who has a mass of 75.0 kilograms, participated in the men's 3000 metres steeplechase at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He ended his work period on January 3rd, 2023.
Miguel de Cervantes was a native speaker of Early Modern Spanish and worked as an accountant. He died in Madrid.
Miguel de Cervantes was a tax collector and was born in Spain. He died in Madrid.
Jimmy Bennett is an actor and musician who writes in English.
William Terry was a lawyer and a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. He died from drowning.
Rosearik Rikki Simons was born on September 8th, 1970. He is a voice actor and is married to Tavisha Wolfgarth-Simons.
Laurent Blanc, who was born in Alès, played football in the UEFA Euro 1996.
Roman Matveevich Semashkevich was born in 1900 and is a sculptor. He works in the portrait genre.
Lalonde Gordon is a sprinter who participated in the men's 400 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
William Terry was born in Amherst County and was a politician who served as a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia.
Kateri Tekakwitha was an indigenous American and died in Kahnawake where she was buried.
Sally Pearson was born on 19th September 1986 and participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics. She is a professional athlete.
Anita Włodarczyk was born on 8th August 1985 and weighs 94.0 kilograms. She participated in the women's hammer throw at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Darshan Ranganathan was a biochemist who worked in Kanpur. He died of breast cancer.
Jean-Michel Aulas is a businessperson and the owner of Olympique Lyonnais. He has a son named Alexandre Aulas.
Mutaz Essa Barshim was born on June 24th, 1991. He is an athletics competitor.
Phil Hill was a racing automobile driver who participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans. He died from Parkinson's disease.
Gong Lijiao, born on 1989-01-24, is a participant in athletics at the 2020 Summer Olympics – women's shot put. She weighs 85.0 kilograms.
Brittney Reese is a 62.0 kg athletics competitor who participated in the women's long jump at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Jack Angel, who died on October 18th, 2021, was a stage actor and had three children.
Justin Gatlin, who was born in Brooklyn, is a participant in athletics at the 2012 Summer Olympics – men's 100 metres. He weighs 80.0 kilograms.
Manfred Gerlach, a jurist, died in Berlin from a disease.
Alexandra Stan is a singer and music composer who plays the voice instrument.
Trey Hardee was born on February 7th, 1984. He is an athletics competitor and is married to Chelsea Johnson.
Betty Heidler is an athlete who competed in the 2007 World Championships in Athletics. She weighs 81.0 kilograms.
Vivian Cheruiyot is a long-distance runner from the Keiyo District.
Giuseppe Farina was born on October 30th 1906 and died in a traffic collision in Chambéry.
Fabrizio Donato is a triple jumper who participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. He has a mass of 82.0 kilograms.
David Cairns was born on 07 August 1966 and worked in London. He was a Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland.
Vittore Carpaccio was a painter and had a son named Benedetto Carpaccio. Benedetto Carpaccio was born in 1500.
Marie-Jean-Léon d'Hervey de Saint Denys was born in Paris and was a translator. He was a student of Paul Pelliot.
Louis XI of France was married to Charlotte of Savoy and had a child named Joan of Valois. His mother was Marie of Anjou.
Carlos Pellicer was born on January 16th, 1899. He is a writer and worked for the National Autonomous University of Mexico. He died on February 16th, 1977.
Ehsan Hadadi is an athletics competitor who participated in the 2006 Asian Games. He has the medical condition COVID-19.
Louis XI of France was the son of Charles VII of France and his mother was Marie of Anjou. He had a daughter named Joan of Valois. Louis XI of France was married to Charlotte of Savoy.
Hugo Lloris is a French speaking native of France who plays association football and weighs 78.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the UEFA Euro 2012.
Tirunesh Dibaba, who was born in Bekoji, participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Hugo Lloris, who was born on 26th December 1986, is a French speaking participant in the 2018 FIFA World Cup. He has a mass of 78.0 kilograms.
Julian McMahon was born in Sydney and has one child. He was nominated for a Teen Choice Award for Best Villain. He is a model.
Ken Jennings was born on May 23, 1974 and is a non-fiction writer. He was a participant in Jeopardy!. He works in the field of informatics.
Carlos Pellicer, who died on February 16, 1977, was an archaeologist. He was related to Pilar Pellicer. He was born on January 16th, 1899.
Allen Sheppard, who was a member of the House of Lords, was married to Peggy Damaris Jones. His mother was Lily Marjorie Palmer. Allen Sheppard's father is John Baggott Sheppard.
Franciszek Karpiński was born in Goloskiv and died in Vaŭkavysk. He wrote in the Polish language and wrote sentimentalism.
Moncef Marzouki was born in Grombalia and is a politician. He was the President of Tunisia. His sibling is Mohamed Ali Bedoui.
Kathleen Lonsdale was born on January 28th 1903 in Newbridge. She was a chemist. She died on April 1st, 1971.
Abou Diaby is a football player who participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup. He is related to Sekana Diaby. He was born in Aubervilliers.
Florent Malouda was born on June 13th 1980 and played in the UEFA Euro 2012. He has a sibling named Lesly Malouda. He is an association football player.
Emperor Cheng of Jin was the Emperor of China. He was buried in Nanjing and had a sibling named Sima Xingnan. He was the father of Emperor Fei of Jin.
Veronica Campbell-Brown is a sprinter who participated in the 2014 Commonwealth Games. She is an African American. She was born in Clark's Town, Jamaica.
Florent Malouda, born on June 13th, 1980, is an association football player who participated in the 2006 FIFA World Cup. He plays football.
Emperor Ai of Han has a father named Liu Kang. Liu Kang has a mother called Consort Fu and a sister called Princess Yingyi. He lives in the House of Liu.
Yohan Blake was born on 26th December 1989 and is a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He also plays athletics. Yohan Blake is an athletics competitor.
Sue Gardner was born on May 11, 1967. She was a trustee and is different from Cecelia Sue Gardner. Cecelia Sue Gardner is a botanical illustrator.
William Gallas was born in Asnières-sur-Seine and played association football. He was a participant in the UEFA Euro 2008. His career ended in 2014.
Emperor Muzong of Liao was born on 0931-09-19. He was the son of Emperor Taizong of Liao and was married to Empress Xiao. Emperor Muzong of Liao's sibling is Yelu Dilie.
Egon Krenz was born on March 19th 1937 and is an atheist. He was a non-commissioned officer in the military. He is a politician.
Priscah Jeptoo, who was born in Nandi County, is different from Rita Jeptoo. She weighs 49.0 kilograms. Priscah Jeptoo was born on June 26th, 1984.
Juan Luis Sanfuentes was the president of the Senate of Chile and died on July 16th, 1930 in Santiago. He was a politician.
John Romita Jr. was born on August 17th, 1956 in Brooklyn. He is known for his work on The Amazing Spider-Man. His father is John Romita Sr.
John Romita Jr. was born in Brooklyn and has a father named John Romita Sr. He is a notable worker on The Amazing Spider-Man. John Romita Sr. was born on January 24th, 1930.
Johanna Braddy was born on August 30th 1987. She is a film actor and is married to Josh Blaylock. Her native language is English.
Didius Julianus was an Ancient Roman senator and had a child named Didia Clara. His father was Quintus Petronius Didius Severus, who was born in Milan.
Carlos Ibanez del Campo was born on November 3rd 1877. He was a general and his brother is Javier Ibanez del Campo. He is buried in the Santiago General Cemetery.
Peter Kropotkin, a philosopher, died on February 8th, 1921 of natural causes. His native language is Russian.
Clancy Brown, born in Urbana, is an English speaking writer and investor. He was born on January 5th, 1959.
Joachim Löw, born on 3rd February 1960, is unmarried but has a partner named Jeanette Hain. He works in Freiburg im Breisgau. He was a participant in the UEFA Euro 2012.
Emperor Aizong of Jin was born on September 25th, 1198 and died on February 9th, 1234.
Frédéric Taddeï is a journalist who works for RT France. He is a native French speaker. He is married to Claire Nebout.
Matija Gogala was born in Ljubljana and works for the University of Ljubljana. His wife is Nada Gogala. Matija Gogala works in the field of entomology.
Stefan Raab, born in Cologne, is a journalist and plays the upright piano. He plays pop music.
Alessandro Volta was a physicist who worked at the University of Pavia and was a senator. He has works in the collection of the Musée d'histoire des sciences de la ville de Genève.
Huang Xianfan is a politician who works for Sun Yat-sen University. His father is Gan Xinchang. He was a member of the Wunu school movement.
Ricardo Lagos was born on March 2, 1938 and was a lawyer. He was a Minister of Education of Chile. His spouse is Carmen Weber.
Matija Gogala was born in Ljubljana and works for the University of Ljubljana. He is interested in entomology. He is a zoologist.
Ramón Barros Luco, a lawyer, worked in Santiago and was a Minister of the Interior of Chile. He died on 20th September 1919.
Ramón Barros Luco was a Minister of the Interior of Chile and was married to Mercedes Valdés Cuevas. He died on September 20th, 1919. He was born in Santiago.
Yang Tong is a member of the Sui dynasty and has a mother, Empress Dowager Liu, and a father, Yang Zhao. Yang Zhao was married to Empress Dowager Liu.
Walter Ulbricht, a politician, died of a stroke in Groß Dölln. He worked in Dresden.
Jude Milhon, who died on July 19, 2003, weighed 125.0 pounds and worked for Horn & Hardart. Jude Milhon has brown hair.
Sophie Germain, who died of natural causes, was a philosopher and her father was Ambroise-François Germain. Her pseudonym is Antoine Auguste Le Blanc.
Septimius Severus was a praetor and his wife was Julia Domna. He had a child named Righteous Gelena. His father was Publius Septimius Geta.
Heino was born in Düsseldorf and works in Bad Münstereifel. He has two children. His pseudonym is Heino Brazil.
Alessandro Volta was born on February 18th 1745 and was a senator and an academic. He worked in Terranova and was a member of the Franciscan religious order.
Geronimo was a military leader and was married to Azul. He died on February 17th, 1909. Geronimo was born in Gila River and was a war chief.
Agnes Pockels died on 1935-11-21. She had a brother named Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels. The physicist, Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels, was born in Vicenza and worked for the TU Dresden.
U Thant was an ambassador for the United Nations and was married to Daw Thein Tin. He was a diplomat and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize.
Pedro Montt was a lawyer and was President of Chile. He was the brother of Alberto Montt Montt. He died of a stroke and his father was Manuel Montt.
Lluís Llach is a Catalan speaking native of Spain. He was nominated for a Goya Award for Best Original Music and participated in the Defensem l'escola en català. He works in Barcelona and is a member of the Parliament of Catalonia.
Emperor Taizong of Liao was the Emperor of China and was married to Xiao Shi. He had a child named Yelu Lubugu. Emperor Taizong of Liao was an aristocrat and had a sibling named Yelü Zhigu.
Seleucus II Callinicus was the son of Antiochus II Theos and Laodice I. He had a daughter called Antiochis. Seleucus II Callinicus had a child named Antiochus III the Great. Antiochus III the Great was a member of the Seleucid family.
Jorge Alessandri is a politician and has a father named Arturo Alessandri. He has a brother named Arturo Alessandri Rodriguez. Jorge Alessandri was born on May 19th, 1896 and was a deputy of Chile.
Seleucus II Callinicus was the father of Antiochus III the Great. Antiochus II Theos was the father of Seleucus II Callinicus. Antiochus III the Great was a member of the Seleucid family and had a mother named Laodice II. He also had a daughter named Antiochis.
Kevin Mitnick, who also goes by the pseudonym Lee Nusbaum, is a computer security expert. His notable work is Freedom Downtime. Kevin Mitnick was born at Van Nuys High School and participated in the World Government Summit 2016.
Anne Frank was a writer and her works are in the collection of the NIOD Institute for War, Holocaust and Genocide Studies. She was buried in Bergen-Belsen concentration camp. Anne Frank, who was born in Germany, wrote the book Diary of Anne Frank.
Frank Herbert was a novelist who died from pancreatic cancer in 1986. He was married to Flora Lillian Parkinson and died of natural causes.
Ban Ki-moon, who works for the United Nations, is a native speaker of Korean and participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2015. Ban Ki-moon was a diplomat and ambassador of South Korea to Austria.
Edward Teller, who works for the University of Gottingen, is Jewish. His father is Max Teller. Edward Teller was born in Budapest and is a theoretical physicist.
Ban Ki-moon was born on June 13th 1944 and was an ambassador of South Korea to Austria. He is also a writer. He is a member of the Confucian religion and works in the field of international relations.
Alpha Condé is a statesperson who works for the University of Paris and participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2013. He is also the President of Guinea and has written a book called Une certaine idée de l'Afrique (certa idea de Afriko).
Alison Lohman was born on September 18th, 1979. She is a film actor and writes in English. She has two children.
Jonathan Winters is a screenwriter who is from the English American ethnic group. He was born to Jonathan Harshman Winters and died in Montecito.
Anton Polenec was born on October 7th 1910 and has a son named Tone Polenec. He was a partisan. He was born in Puštal and died in Kranj.
Federico Errázuriz Zañartu was President of Chile and died in Santiago. He had a child named Rafael Errázuriz Echaurren. Federico Errázuriz Zañartu died of natural causes and his mother was Josefa Zañartu y Manso.
Emperor Shizong of Liao was an aristocrat who died on 0951-10-07 by homicide. He has a child named Yelü Sala and was married to Empress Zhen.
Georges Brassens, who died on October 29th, 1981, was a writer and singer. He was born in Sète and is buried in the Sete (Le Py) Cemetery.
Christina Obergföll was born on 22nd August 1981. She is a javelin thrower and is married to Boris Obergföll. Boris Obergföll has a mass of 110.0 kilogram. Christina Obergföll was born in Lahr/Schwarzwald.
Clara Immerwahr was a student of Richard Abegg and was married to Fritz Haber. She is buried in the cemetery at Hörnli with crematorium. Clara Immerwahr was born in Wojczyce and worked in the field of physical chemistry.
Emperor Shizong of Jin has a father named Wanyan Zongyao. Wanyan Zongyao was born in 1096 and was a member of the Jin dynasty. He was the brother of Wanyan Wohu. Wanyan Zongyao was married to Empress Zhenyi.
Harry Mulisch died of cancer and his manner of death was natural causes. He wrote novels. He died on October 30th 2010 and his notable work is The Stone Bridal Bed.
Titus was born in Rome and was the son of Vespasian. He held the position of Praetorian prefect. Vespasian has a mother named Vespasia Polla and a daughter named Domitilla the Younger.
Nicolas Anelka, who played football, was a participant in UEFA Euro 2000 and is married to Barbara Tausia. He is an international forum participant and plays for Mumbai City FC.
Alexander Lukashenko, who is a lieutenant colonel in the military, participated in the 2017 SCO Summit. His mother is Katsiaryna Lukashenka. He has gray hair and has a child named Nikolai Lukashenko.
Titus was the son of Vespasian and Domitilla the Elder. He was a Roman emperor. Vespasian was married to Domitilla the Elder and had a child named Domitilla the Younger.
Titus was a praetorian prefect and his father was Vespasian. His mother was Domitilla the Elder. Domitilla the Elder has a child named Domitilla the Younger. Vespasian was married to Domitilla the Elder.
Alexander Lukashenko, who is a director, has a child named Victor Lukashenko. He was a participant in the 2018 SCO Summit. Alexander Lukashenko was born in Kopyś and is married to Galina Lukashenko.
Pierre Corneille was a French writer who lived from 1606 to 1684. He married Marie de Lampérière.
Septimius Severus was a Roman emperor. His father was Publius Septimius Geta. His wife was Julia Domna. Caracalla's mother was Julia Domna.
Sebastián Piñera is an engineer and his wife is Cecilia Morel. He has a brother named José Piñera Echenique. He is a senator of Chile and has 4 children.
Artur Mas was born on 1956-01-31 and works in Barcelona. He was a city councilor of Barcelona. He is a native speaker of Catalan and is a Catholic.
Roger Federer was born in Basel and his mother is Lynette Federer. He is married to Mirka Federer. Roger Federer, who is also known as 
Emperor Xiaozong of Song has a father named Zhao Zicheng and a son named Emperor Guangzong of Song. Zhao Qi has a mother named Chengmu Impress and a brother named Emperor Guangzong of Song. Chengmu Impress was born in Kaifeng.
Michel Audiard, a writer, ended his work in 1985. He has a son named François Audiard. Michel Audiard was born in the 14th arrondissement of Paris and died of natural causes.
Emperor Gong of Jin has a father Emperor Xiaowu of Jin and a child Empress Sima Maoying. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was born in Jiankang and died there. He had a sibling named Sima Zhusheng and his mother was Empress Dowager Li Lingrong.
Friedrich Ebert was born in Heidelberg and worked in Berlin. He was irreligious. He was the Chancellor of Germany and had a son called Friedrich Ebert Jr.
Emperor Gong of Jin has a father Emperor Xiaowu of Jin and a child Empress Sima Maoying. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was born in 362 and died in Jiankang. His spouse was Consort Chen Guinü.
Gary Gygax is a game designer and science fiction writer. He has a child named Cindy To. Gary Gygax's father is Ernest Gygax and his mother is Almina Burdick Gygax.
Emperor Gong of Jin had a child called Princess Fu Yang and a father called Emperor Xiaowu of Jin. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin died in 396 and was married to Consort Chen Guinü. He had a sibling named Sima Daosheng.
Gary Gygax was born in Chicago and has a child named Cindy To. He is married to Mary Jo Powell. Gary Gygax's notable work is Dungeons & Dragons and he died of natural causes.
Ernst Mayr is a university teacher who works at the Natural History Museum in Berlin. He is interested in the history of biology. He was born in Kempten and worked in the field of natural history collections.
Greta Garbo was born in Katarina church parish and died of pneumonia and natural causes. She is the owner of the Greta Garbo collection.
Seneca was a student of Papirius Fabianus, who was a student of Gaius Albucius Silus, a philosopher during the High Roman Empire.
Abdalaati Iguider was born in Errachidia and is an athletics competitor. He participated in the men's 1500 metres at the 2019 African Games. He is a native speaker of Berber and plays the sport of athletics.
Abdalaati Iguider is a middle distance runner who participated in the men's 1500 metres at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He was born in Errachidia and his native language is Berber. He has a mass of 57.0 kilograms.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao has a father, Emperor Jingzong of Liao. Emperor Jingzong of Liao was born in Baarin Left Banner and was an aristocrat. He had a child named Yelu Changshounu. Emperor Jingzong of Liao died on 10th October 0982 and his mother was Xiao Sagezhi.
Daniel Craig is a television actor and his wife is Rachel Weisz. His mother is Carol Olivia Williams. Daniel Craig, who is a native English speaker, was nominated for the Jameson People's Choice Award for Best Actor. His father is Timothy Wroughton Craig.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao has a father Emperor Jingzong of Liao and a mother Xiao Chuo. Emperor Jingzong of Liao was the Emperor of China and his spouse was Xiao Chuo. He also had a sibling called Yelu Hegudian. Emperor Jingzong of Liao died in Datong.
Héloïse d'Argenteuil was born in Paris and was a Christian nun. She was buried at the Père Lachaise Cemetery. She was married to Peter Abelard and died at the Oratory of the Paraclete.
Héloïse d'Argenteuil was a Christian nun who died at the Oratory of the Paraclete. She is buried at the Père Lachaise Cemetery. She was born in Paris on 1101. She was married to Peter Abelard.
Emperor Xingzong of Liao has a father, Emperor Shengzong of Liao. Emperor Shengzong of Liao has a mother named Xiao Chuo. Emperor Jingzong of Liao was born in Datong and died there. He was married to Xiao Chuo and had a child named Yelu Yaoshinu. Emperor Jingzong of Liao's sibling is Yelü Zhimo.
Coluche was born in the 14th arrondissement of Paris and died on June 19th, 1986. He was an actor who worked for Europe 1. He died in an accident.
Troian Bellisario was born in Los Angeles and writes in English. Troian Bellisario has a mother named Deborah Pratt and a brother named Michael Bellisario. Deborah Pratt is a film actor.
Giovanni Leone was born in Naples and was a President of Italy. He has a son named Mauro Leone. He was a lawyer and died in Rome. His mother was Maria Gioffredi.
Marit Paulsen, who died on July 26th, 2022, had a child named Stina Morian, who is married to Jonas Morian.
Subhas Chandra Bose is a Kayastha and speaks Bengali. He is different from N.S.Chandra Bose. Subhas Chandra Bose, who had one child, was a member of the Indian independence movement. His father was Janakinath Bose.
Adolphe Thiers, a writer, worked in Paris and is buried at the Père Lachaise Cemetery. He was born on April 15th 1797 and was a native French speaker. He was the head of government of France.
Françoise Sagan was born on June 21st, 1935. She is of French ethnicity and has a sibling named Jacques Quoirez. She worked as a film director and is the author of Bonjour tristesse. Her work can be found in the Eberly Family Special Collections Library.
Willoughby Newton was born in Hague and was a lawyer. He was a United States representative. Willoughby Newton was born on December 2nd 1802 and died on May 23rd 1874. His mother was Sarah Bland Poythress.
Herman Melville was a literary critic and his works are in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art. He was a part of the Romanticism movement. Herman Melville, who died on 28th September 1891, wrote in English. He had a brother called Allan Melville.
Jenna Jameson is a stripper of Italian American ethnicity and practices Judaism. She has 3 children and weighs 50.0 kilograms. She is married to Jay Grdina.
Willoughby Newton was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. He died in Westmoreland County and his mother was Sarah Bland Poythress. Sarah Bland Poythress was married to Richard 
Herman Melville was a lecturer and his wife was Elizabeth Knapp Melville. He died of heart failure. Herman Melville was born in Manhattan and his relative is Thomas Melvill. He writes travel literature.
Roy Budd, who died on 1993-08-07, played the piano and died in London. Roy Budd died of a stroke and was married to Caterina Valente.
Jean-Philippe Rameau, who died in Paris, was a violinist and worked in the field of opera. He was a choreographer and his wife was Marie-Louise Mangot. He was a composer of Baroque music.
Pietro Mennea, who died of natural causes, was a participant in the athletics at the 1976 Summer Olympics – men's 4 x 100 metres relay. He weighed 68.0 kilograms. He was a native Italian speaker who was an athletics competitor. He died in Rome.
Karl Bryullov was born on December 12, 1799 and died on June 11, 1852. He was a history painter. He was an architect and his works are in the collection of the Hermitage Museum. He is buried in the Protestant Cemetery in Rome.
Giuseppe Saragat was a politician and was married to Giuseppina Bollani. He was also the Vice President of the Council of Ministers of Italy. He was born on 19th September 1898 and died in Rome. He is buried at Campo Verano.
Luigi Pirandello, who wrote in Italian, has a son named Fausto Pirandello. His most notable work is Il fu Mattia Pascal. Luigi Pirandello was born in Agrigento and died in Rome. He was a playwright.
Robert Brasillach was born on March 31st 1909 and worked as a journalist and film critic. He was born in Paris and died in Arcueil. He was buried in the Cimetière de Charonne and his father was Arthémil Brasillach.
Gustav Heinemann was a theologian and a member of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia. He worked in Bonn and was a Lutheran. He worked for the University of Cologne and has a child named Christa Delius.
Neil Armstrong, who died on 2012-08-25, was a deist and was married to Carol Held Knight. Neil Armstrong, who is from the United States, worked for the University of Cincinnati and has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria.
Akira Kurosawa, who was a screenwriter, is buried at An'yō-in. He was married to Yoko Yaguchi. Akira Kurosawa, who writes in Japanese, was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director. His notable work is Ran.
Adolf Butenandt was born on March 24th 1903 in Bremerhaven. He worked for the University of Tübingen. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry. He worked in Munich.
Émilie du Châtelet was a salonnière and had a child named Louis Marie Florent du Châtelet. She died from a pulmonary embolism. Émilie du Châtelet was a mathematician who was influenced by Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz. She died of natural causes.
Jean-Marie Le Pen is a lawyer and was a member of the European Parliament. His father is Jean Le Pen. He was born on June 20th, 1928. He has a daughter named Marie-Caroline Le Pen and has written a book called Mémoires: fils de la nation.
Peter Paul Rubens was a student of Tobias Verhaecht and died in Antwerp. Jan Rubens was born on March 13th 1530 in Antwerp. He is a Protestant. Jan Rubens has a child named Philip Rubens.
Peyton Manning is a restaurateur who was born in New Orleans. His father is Archie Manning, who is also a relative of Arch Manning. Peyton Manning's native language is English. Cooper Manning has a child named Arch Manning.
Emperor Hui of Jin has a father, Emperor Wu of Jin. Emperor Wu of Jin has a mother named Wang Yuanji and a daughter named Princess Yingchuan. He also has a son named Sima Gai. Emperor Wu of Jin has a father named Sima Zhao and a child named the elder princess Xingyang.
50 Cent is a screenwriter and a rapper who performs gangsta rap. He is employed by Interscope Records. He was born on July 6th 1975 and writes in English. He plays the instrument and sings.
Peyton Manning, who is from the United States, writes in English and his father is Archie Manning. Peyton Manning is a voice actor and plays American football. Archie Manning weighs 213.0 pounds and is from Massachusetts.
Walter Scheel was born in Solingen and worked in politics. He was a member of the German Bundestag. He was born on July 8th, 1919 and died on August 24th, 2016. He was a member of the Evangelical Church in Germany.
Walter Scheel was a German politician and military officer. He was born on July 8th, 1919 and died on August 24th, 2016. He was a member of the German Bundestag and worked in Bonn. He was a senior lieutenant in the military.
Dag Hammarskjold was a diplomat and worked in politics. He was a student of Hildur Akselsson. He was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize and worked for the Ministry of Finance. He died in an aviation accident.
Jason Lee is an actor who has been nominated for a Satellite Award for Best Actor in a Television Series Musical or Comedy. He writes in English. He was born on April 25th 1970 and has a child named Pilot Lee. He is a drama fiction writer.
Andrei Tarkovsky was a theatrical director and film screenwriter. He was married to Larisa Tarkovskaya. He died of lung cancer and is buried in the Russian cemetery in Sainte-Geneviève-des-Bois. His notable work is Ivan's Childhood.
Francesco Cossiga, who worked in Sassari, was a Catholic and was President of Italy. Francesco Cossiga was born on July 26th 1928 and is a politician. He has a child named Anna Maria Cossiga.
Lance Armstrong, who is an autobiographer, has a father named Eddie Charles Gunderson. He weighs 71.0 kilograms. His mother is Linda Gayle Mooneyham. He also participated in the 2002 UCI Road World Cup.
Joseph Brodsky was a translator from Polish and wrote the book Gorbunov and Gorchakov. He died from a myocardial infarction. He was a Jewish person who died of natural causes and was buried in the Cemetery of San Michele.
Albrecht Dürer was born in Nuremberg and died in Nuremberg. He was buried in the Johannisfriedhof. His father was Albrecht Dürer the Elder, who was employed by Hieronymus Holper and had a mother named Elisabeth Dürer. He also had a son named Carl Dürer. Albrecht Dürer the Elder worked in the Netherlands.
Emperor Zhenzong of Song was born on 0968-12-23 and died on 1022-03-23. He was a ruler and his sibling was Princess Yongguo Dazhang. He was married to Empress Guo and had a child named Zhao Zhi.
Dorothy Hodgkin, a biochemist, was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry. She was married to Thomas Lionel Hodgkin. She worked in the field of biochemistry and was employed by the University of Cambridge. Her mother was Grace Mary Crowfoot.
Napoleon III was the Grand Master of the Legion of Honour and was a brother of Napoleon Charles Bonaparte. He died in Chislehurst. He was also known as the Emperor of the French and was buried in the Sarcophagus of Emperor Napoleon III.
George W. Bush is a financier who uses a 2005 Cadillac DTS Presidential State Car. He is a member of the Bush family. He was born in New Haven and writes in English. His mother is Barbara Bush.
Dorothy Hodgkin was a chemist who was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Physics. She died from cerebral hemorrhage. Her mother is Grace Mary Crowfoot and her sibling is Elizabeth Grace Crowfoot. She is married to Thomas Lionel Hodgkin. She died on July 29th, 1994.
Igor Stravinsky, who died of heart failure, was a composer of 20th century classical music. He had a son named Soulima Stravinsky. He was a conductor and his father was Fyodor Stravinsky. He died of natural causes. His notable work is Petrushka.
Igor Stravinsky, who died of heart failure, was a student of Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov and wrote The Rite of Spring. Igor Stravinsky, who died on April 6th, 1971, wrote in English and was a composer of 20th century classical music. Igor Stravinsky has a son named Theodore Strawinsky.
Friedrich Hayek was born in Vienna on 14th May 1899. He worked for the University of Chicago. He was a philosopher and had a doctorate in juridical science. He was the author of The Fatal Conceit. He was a president.
Adil Rami, who plays association football, was born on December 27th 1985 in Bastia. He is unmarried and his partner is Pamela Anderson. He has a mass of 88.0 kilograms and participated in the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification - UEFA Group A.
Leo Tolstoy was a diarist and wrote the book Sebastopol Sketches. He had a son named Mikhail Tolstoy. He was born in Yasnaya Polyana, Russia and died in Astapovo. His father was Nikolay Tolstoy and his wife was Sophia Tolstaya. He was born in Yasnaya Polyana.
Grace Kelly was a member of the nobility and was buried in the Cathedral of Our Lady Immaculate. She was part of the Rainier III and Grace of Monaco. She was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and died in the Commune of Monaco. She had a sister named Margaret Kelly. She was a student of Sanford Meisner.
François-Édouard Picot was a religious painter who died on March 15th, 1868. He was a student of Jules Collinet and François-André Vincent. He worked in Paris and was a member of the neoclassicism movement.
Bruce Willis is a television actor who has been nominated for a Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Cast. He also has a medical condition called aphasia. He is married to Demi Moore. He is a voice artist and played in the TV series Moonlighting. He has a sibling named David Willis.
Jawaharlal Nehru was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize and his mother was Swarup Rani Nehru. He had a brother named Krishna Hutheesing. Jawaharlal Nehru, who was born in Allahabad, was an autobiographer and had a child named Indira Gandhi. Jawaharlal Nehru was influenced by Bertrand Russell.
François Hollande is a politician who was born on August 12th, 1954. He was the mayor of Tulle and has a child named Flora Hollande. He is a magistrate and is unmarried but has a partner named Ségolène Royal. He is a Catholic.
François Hollande, who is a native French speaker, works in Brussels and writes in French. He is an official and a member of the French National Assembly. He has a son named Thomas Hollande. He is the owner of Philae.
Cosimo Tura was a tapestry designer and his notable work is A Muse (Calliope?). He has works in the collection of Musée Fesch. He was born in Ferrara and was a student of Francesco Squarcione. He worked in the field of painting. He was a member of the Quattrocento movement.
Louise Nevelson is a printmaker who is represented by the Artists Rights Society. She has works in the collection of the Whitney Museum of American Art. Louise Nevelson, who worked in New York City, was a participant in the sculpture, Scultura Aurea, and was a member of the abstract expressionism movement. Louise Nevelson was born on September 23, 1899.
Robert Schumann was a musicologist and his notable work is Symphony No. 2. He died of natural causes. He was born on June 8th, 1810. He was a student of Albert Dietrich. He had a child named Marie Schumann. He died of a disease.
Cosimo Tura was a painter and court painter. He was a student of Galasso Galassi. His notable work is Christ Crucified and he is part of the Quattrocento movement. He has works in the collection of the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. He died in Ferrara.
Wilhelm Grimm was an anthropologist who worked in Berlin. He was the brother of Carl Friedrich Grimm. He was born in 1786 and his father is Philipp Grimm. He was married to Dorothea Grimm. He died on 16th December 1859.
Louis Armstrong, who is also known as 
Louis Armstrong, who is nicknamed 
Günter Grass is a printmaker and a student of Josef Mages. He is also the author of the novel Cat and Mouse. Günter Grass, who worked in the field of fiction, was married to Anna Schwarz and died in Lübeck. Günter Grass is buried in the village church in Behlendorf.
Bill Clinton, who has the blood type AB, was a participant in the commencement at the Knox College and has a pet named Socks. Bill Clinton was a statesperson and was the Attorney General of Arkansas. His mother is Virginia Clinton Kelley. Bill Clinton's nickname is 
Charles de Gaulle, who died in Colombey-les-Deux-Églises, was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature and held the position of French co-prince of Andorra. He was born on November 22, 1890. He was a military officer and his brother is Jacques de Gaulle. His writing language is French.
Joseph Haydn was born on April 1st 1732 and worked as a conductor in Vienna. He was buried in the Bergkirche and composed the Symphony No. 100. He is the owner of Papagayo de Haydn.
George Orwell was a war correspondent and a performer. He was married to Eileen O'Shaughnessy. He was a native English speaker. He died of tuberculosis. He wrote The Lion and the Unicorn: Socialism and the English Genius. He died on 1950-01-21.
Martin Luther King Jr. was a humanitarian and had a son named Martin Luther King III. He is different from Martin Luther King Jr. Martin Luther King Jr. was born in Atlanta and died in Memphis. He was an African American. Martin Luther King Jr. was influenced by Henry David Thoreau.
Joseph Bonaparte was born on 1768-01-07 and was a Peer of France. He was the brother of Elisa Bonaparte. He was a general and was unmarried. He had a partner named Maria del Pilar Acedo y Sarria. He is archived at the Defence Historical Service. He was a diplomat.
Nicolas Sarkozy, who was born in Paris, was a Minister of the Economy, Finances and Industry and was sentenced to a custodial sentence. He is a statesperson who works in Strasbourg. He has a brother named Olivier Sarkozy. He has 4 children.
Antonio Vivaldi was a theatre manager and played Baroque music. He is most notable for his work Stabat Mater. Antonio Vivaldi, also known as 
Marianne Vos is a track cyclist who participated in the 2013 UCI Women's Road World Cup. She was born on 13th May 1987 in s-Hertogenbosch and weighs 58.0 kilograms. She participated in the 2017 UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships – women's elite race.
Stendhal, whose writing language is French, is the author of the book Lucien Leuwen. He also uses the pseudonym Louis Alexandre Bombet. Stendhal was a novelist who was interested in Italy and was part of the Romanticism movement. Stendhal died in Paris.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is a German autobiographer who was nominated for an MTV Movie Award for Best Male Performance. He has a child named Christopher Schwarzenegger. He is a powerlifter and has worked on Terminator Genisys.
Richard Wagner, who was a music critic, is the son of Carl Friedrich Wagner. He is notable for his work, Lohengrin. Richard Wagner, who is a member of the Wagner family, has works in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum. His sister is Rosalie Wagner. Richard Wagner was employed by the University of Music and Performing Arts Vienna.
Pedro I of Brazil was a notable worker and was an Emperor of Brazil. He was a brother of Infanta Maria Francisca of Portugal. He died on 24th September 1834 and had a child named Princess Francisca Princess of Joinville. He worked in the field of music.
Ingmar Bergman is a Swedish playwright who works in the performing arts. He was born on July 14th, 1918. He was nominated for a César Award for Best Foreign Film and his father is Erik Bergman. He has a son called Mats Bergman.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is a powerlifter and writes in German. He has a child named Katherine Schwarzenegger. Arnold Schwarzenegger, whose pseudonym is Arnold Strong, is the brother of Meinhard Schwarzenegger and has worked on Terminator 2: Judgment Day. Arnold Schwarzenegger is unmarried but has a partner named Heather Milligan.
Carl Friedrich Gauss was an astronomer and had a student named Johann Christian Martin Bartels. He also had a daughter named Wilhelmine Gauss. Carl Friedrich Gauss, who was influenced by Leonhard Euler, worked in the field of mathematical analysis. He was a student of Gustaf Svanberg. Carl Friedrich Gauss died in Göttingen.
Jorge Luis Borges, who uses the pseudonym H. Bustos Domecq, has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art and was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature. Jorge Luis Borges was born on August 24th, 1899. He is a short story writer and was influenced by Oscar Wilde. Jorge Luis Borges was an opinion journalist.
Miley Cyrus is an actor who works in Los Angeles and performs electropop music. She has a sibling named Brandi Cyrus. Miley Cyrus is unmarried and her partner is Patrick Schwarzenegger.
Charlie Chaplin was born in Walworth and worked at Essanay Studios. He worked in Corsier-sur-Vevey. Charlie Chaplin was a composer and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing Original Screenplay. He has works in the collection of the Harvard Film Archive. Charlie Chaplin's spouse was Mildred Harris.
Benedict XVI was born in the birth house of Benedict XVI and was a cardinal before becoming Pope. He participated in the Pope's visit to Germany in 2011. He is a pianist and a professor. He worked for the University of Bonn. He is a Catholic.
George Washington was a land surveyor and had a medical condition of anthrax. He was related to Martha Parke Custis. He was a General of the Armies of the United States and was part of the Founding Fathers of the United States. He died from epiglottitis. His sibling is Charles Washington.
Bob Dylan, born in Duluth, has the pseudonym Blind Boy Grunt and his mother is Beatrice Stone. Bob Dylan plays the harmonica and was influenced by Allen Ginsberg. He is notable for his work Subterranean Homesick Blues. Bob Dylan was a participant in the Mariposa Folk Festival in 1973.
Victor Hugo was a free-thinking author who wrote Les Orientales and was married to Adèle Foucher. He was a travel writer and died of pneumonia. He is depicted by the portrait of Victor Hugo against the backdrop of Notre-Dame de Reims. His works are in the collection of the Minneapolis Institute of Art.
Leonard Cohen is a poet who performs sophisti-pop music and was nominated for a Juno Award for Video of the Year. He is unmarried and has a father named Nathan Bernard Cohen. He is archived at the Thomas Fisher Rare Book Library. His partner is Dominique Issermann. His notable work is The Energy of Slaves.
Katsushika Hokusai, who studied under Suigetsu Koryuu, is a graphic artist whose works are in the collection of the Smithsonian American Art Museum. Katsushika Hokusai was a painter who died in Asakusa. His notable work is Oceans of Wisdom. Katsushika Hokusai was a student of Katsukawa Shunshō.
Madonna is a guitarist who has been nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Actress. She is unmarried and her partner is Timor Steffens. Madonna, who performs under the pseudonym Madame X, is a guitarist in the show business. Madonna is named after Madonna Louise Fortin.
Andy Warhol was a diarist and has works in the collection of the Bavarian State Painting Collections. He is also known for his work Campbell's Soup Cans II. Andy Warhol, who worked in Pittsburgh, died in New York City and was represented by the Artists Rights Society. Andy Warhol was a student of Balcomb Greene.
Rembrandt was a student of Johann Ulrich Mayr and Jacob van Swanenburgh. He has works in the collection of the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum. He was a printmaker and worked in Amsterdam during the Dutch Golden Age painting movement.
Rembrandt was an art collector and a student of Franz Wulfhagen. He has works in the collection of Gallery Prince Willem V. Rembrandt was born on 1606-07-15 and was a student of Jan Pynas. His mother was Neeltje Willemsdr. Zuytbrouck. Rembrandt was unmarried but had a partner named Geertje Dircx.
Usain Bolt is a sprinter who participated in the 2003 Port of Spain Carifta Games Jun. men's 400 metres. He was born on 1986-08-21 and worked until 2017-08-12. He has the medical condition COVID-19.
Robert de Boron was a writer and poet.
Elsa Triolet was born in Moscow and died in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines.
Luca Signorelli was a student of Andrea del Verrocchio and Piero della Francesca.
Emperor He of Han was a crown prince and the Emperor of China.
Emperor He of Han was a crown prince and the Emperor of China.
Emperor He of Han was a crown prince and the Emperor of China.
Donato Bustamante was a member of the High Renaissance movement and died in Rome.
Hafez is a Sufi and a Muslim.
Guiot de Provins was born in Provins and was a composer.
Béroul is a storyteller and a writer.
Pierre Aim was born on January 31st, 1959 in Paris.
Anat Cohen-Dayag is a biologist and biochemist.
Louise Giblin was a chemist who died on 15th September 1973.
Pinturicchio was a painter who died in Siena.
Louise Giblin was a chemist who died on 15th September 1973.
Philip the Arab was a Roman emperor and a praetorian prefect.
Maximinus Thrax was an Ancient Roman Senator and died in Aquileia.
Hafez is a Sunni Muslim and a Sufi.
Rigord is a writer and historian.
Antal Adam was born on 13th September 1929 and is a geophysicist.
Marina Fernandez was born on June 19th, 1981 and is an actor.
Nerva was a Roman consul and an ancient Roman senator.
Jaufre Rudel was a poet and a composer.
Christina Cruickshank Miller was born on August 29th, 1899 and died on July 16th, 2001.
Yukiko Kobayashi was born in Tokyo and is a film actor.
Yukiko Kobayashi was born on October 6th, 1946 and is an actor.
Lucius Verus was born in Rome and held the position of an Ancient Roman Senator.
Christina Cruickshank Miller was born on August 29th, 1899 and died on July 16th, 2001.
Leonid Razvozzhayev is a Russian speaking politician.
Jana Senkova was born in Sternberk and is a volleyball player.
Roman Jerala was born in Jesenice and works for the University of Ljubljana.
Jana Senkova was born on July 11th 1982 and is a volleyball player.
Hazel Bishop died on December 5th 1998 in Rye.
Serge Chiesa, who played association football, ended his career in 1989.
Vasco da Gama was born in St. Francis Church and died in Kochi.
Eugen Polanski is a football player who participated in the UEFA Euro 2012.
Emperor Xianzong of Western Xia died in 1226 and had a father named Emperor Shenzong of Western Xia.
Robert the Monk was a writer who died on 23rd August 1122.
Pattie Maes is an engineer and is married to Karl Sims.
Emperor Xian of Han has a father, Emperor Ling of Han, who had a child, the Prince of Hongnong.
Otho was born in Rome and was a Roman emperor.
Pattie Maes was born in Brussels-Capital Region and works for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus was a military personnel and a physician.
Kazimir Tarman was born in Maribor and worked as a science writer.
Štefan Michieli was born in Ljubljana and worked in the field of entomology.
Anthony Réveillère, who weighs 77.0 kilograms, was a participant in the UEFA Euro 2012.
Gaël Clichy is an association football player.
Hedi Slimane was born on July 5th, 1968 and is a fashion designer.
Anne Moreau-Vagnon was born in Antony and is an illustrator.
Mitchell Watt was born on March 25th, 1988 and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
The child of Emperor Ling of Han is Princess Wannian, who is a member of the House of Liu and has a brother, the Prince of Hongnong.
M.J. Hyland was born on June 6th 1968 and is a novelist. She was nominated for the Booker Prize.
Yuliya Zaripova was born on April 26th 1986 in Svetly Yar. She is an athlete.
Jane Stafford was a chemist who worked for the American Medical Association. She died in 1991.
Asli Cakir Alptekin was born in Antalya and weighs 50.0 kilograms. She is a professional athlete.
Dawn Harper-Nelson was born in East St Louis and weighs 61.0 kilograms. She is a sports athlete.
DeeDee Trotter was born in Twentynine Palms and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the sport of athletics.
Abel Mutai, who weighs 62.0 kilograms, is a participant in the 2012 African Championships in Athletics – men's 3000 metres steeplechase.
Giovanni Giocondo was a classical archaeologist and a restorer. He died in Rome.
Marcel Doret was born in the 18th arrondissement of Paris and died of cancer. He was buried in the Cimetière de l'avenue Pierre-Grenier.
Sanya Richards-Ross was born in Kingston and participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics. She is a track and field athlete.
Marcel Doret was born in Vernet and died on 31st August 1955. He was buried in the Cimetière de l'avenue Pierre Grenier.
Jenő Ábel was born on July 24th, 1858 and is a Hungarian speaking teacher.
Philippe Mexès, who played association football, ended his career in 2016. He is a native speaker of French.
Abel Mutai is a long distance runner who plays athletics. He has a mass of 62.0 kilograms.
Julius Brink was born on July 6th 1982 in Münster. He participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Jessica Ennis-Hill was born on 1986-01-28 and participated in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Nesta Carter was born in Banana Ground and is a sprinter.
DeeDee Trotter, who was born in Twentynine Palms, has a mass of 64.0 kilograms and participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Dejen Gebremeskel was born on November 24th, 1989 in Adigrat. He weighs 57.0 kilograms.
Ella Gjømle, who was born in Porsgrunn, has a mass of 61.0 kilograms and participated in the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2007.
Anna J. Harrison was born on December 23, 1912. She was a university teacher and her archives are at Mount Holyoke College.
Emperor Chengdy of Han was the Emperor of China and his father was Emperor Yuan of Han. His mother was Empress Wang Zhengjun.
Dave Arneson was born on October 1st, 1947 in Hennepin County. He is notable for his work on Blackmoor.
Jérôme Neuville was born on August 15th, 1975. He is a track cyclist and participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics.
Li Yanfeng was born on May 15th 1979 and weighs 85.0 kilograms. He plays athletics.
Formula One driver Mike Hawthorn was killed in an accident. He also participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans.
Mike Hawthorn was born on April 10th, 1929. He participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans and died in a car collision.
Wang Tao was born on 13th December 1967 and was a participant in the 1992 Summer Olympics. He also has the military rank of Shao Jiang.
Nicki Pedersen was born on April 2nd 1977 and has a sibling called Ronni Pedersen. Ronni Pedersen is a speedway rider.
Laurent Mourguet was born on March 3rd 1769 and died in Vienne. He worked in puppetry.
Maciej Zielinski was born on January 5th 1971 and works in Warsaw. He was a participant in EuroBasket 1997.
Joyce Jacobson Kaufman was born on June 21, 1929 in The Bronx. She died on August 26, 2016.
Sandra Lerner was born in California and is a philanthropist. Her spouse is Leonard Bosack.
Sandra Lerner was born in 1955 and is a computer scientist. She is married to Leonard Bosack.
Barbora Spotakova is a javelin thrower who was born in Jablonec nad Nisou. She also plays athletics.
Barbora Spotakova was born in Jablonec nad Nisou and is a participant in athletics. She competed in the women's javelin throw at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Krisztián Pars was born on February 18th, 1982. He is an athletics competitor and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Elmer Gethin Rees was born on November 19th 1941 in Llandybie. He works in the field of algebraic geometry.
Rosearik Rikki Simons was born on September 8th, 1970 in Fontana. He is a comic artist.
Anita Włodarczyk was born on 8th August 1985 and is a participant in athletics at the 2020 Summer Olympics – women's hammer throw.
William Terry was born in Amherst County and was a politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia.
Sally Pearson, born in Sydney, is an athlete who retired in 2019.
Hermann Maier is a ski instructor who participated in the men's giant slalom at the 1998 Winter Olympics.
Hermann Maier was born on 7th December 1972 and is a ski instructor. He participated in the 1998 Winter Olympics.
Mary L Good was born in Grapevine and died in Little Rock. She had two children.
Trey Hardee, who is married to Chelsea Johnson, participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics and has a mass of 96.0 kilograms.
Maryam Yusuf Jamal was born in Oromia Region and is a middle distance runner. She participated in the 2014 Asian Games.
Olha Saladukha was born in Donetsk and is an athletics competitor. She participated in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Caster Semenya was born on 7th January 1991 and has a medical condition called 5-alpha-reductase deficiency. She participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Socrates was a writer and his wife was Xanthippe. His mother was Phaenarete. Socrates was born in Alopeke.
Yelena Isinbayeva was born on June 3rd 1982 and is a pole vaulter. She participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She has a Candidate of Sciences in Pedagogy degree.
Gerardus Mercator was born in Rupelmonde and died in Duisburg. He was a philosopher and a writer.
Nicholas Meyer, born in New York City, is a novelist and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing Adapted Screenplay. He was born on December 24th, 1945.
Joan Lorring was born on April 17th, 1926 and died from a disease. She spoke English. She is a television actor.
András Fáy was a Hungarian politician who died on July 26th, 1864. He held a position in the lower house of the Hungarian Diet. His native language is Hungarian.
Niccolò Machiavelli was a political theorist who was born in Florence during the High Renaissance. He was also a diplomat.
Jaime Levy Russell was born on March 8th 1966. He is a computer scientist and works in the field of user interface. He was born in Hollywood.
Yelena Isinbayeva was born on June 3rd 1982 and is a pole vaulter. She participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics. She has a mass of 65.0 kilograms.
Sandra Perkovic, who was born in Zagreb, participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics and weighs 85.0 kilograms. She was born on June 21st, 1990.
Gerardus Mercator was born in Rupelmonde and died in Duisburg. He was a mathematician and a geographer.
František Plánička was born in Prague and died on July 20th, 1996. He played association football. He ended his work in 1938.
David Cairns was born on 07 August 1966 and is a Latin Catholic priest. He was a Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland. He works in London.
Deborah Compagnoni is an alpine skier. She participated in the 1992 Winter Olympics and is married to Alessandro Benetton.
Anton Chekhov, who was a dramaturge, died in Badenweiler. He was married to Olga Knipper. Anton Chekhov was born in Taganrog.
Ehsan Hadadi is a sportsman who plays athletics. He was born in Tehran and has a mass of 110.0 kilograms. He participated in the 2014 Asian Games.
Plato was an epigrammatist and a student of Hermogenes. His father was Ariston of Athens. Hermogenes was born in Alopeke.
Will Claye was born on June 13th, 1991 in Phoenix. He weighs 72.0 kilograms. He participated in the men's triple jump at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Emperor Lizong of Song was born on January 26th 1205 in Shaoxing. He was a ruler from the House of Zhao.
Carlos Pellicer was a poet who worked for the National Autonomous University of Mexico. He died in Mexico City on February 16th, 1977.
Plato was a student of Socrates and a philosopher. He died in Classical Athens. His mother is Perictione.
Matthew Vaughn is a film director who has a child named Clementine Poppy. He was nominated for the European Film Award - People's Choice Award for Best European Film. He is married to Claudia Schiffer.
Will Claye is a triple jumper who participated in the men's triple jump at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He is sponsored by Red Bull.
Kalidasa was a lyricist and wrote the epic poem, Ṛtusaṃhāra. His notable work is Raghuvaṃśa.
Charles II de Croÿ, who died in Quiévrain, was the son of Anna z Croÿ and had a brother called Charles Philippe de Croÿ Marquis d'Havré. Charles II de Croÿ is a member of the House of Croÿ.
Eddy Ottoz is a hurdler who plays athletics and has a mass of 67.0 kilograms. He was a participant in the 1968 Summer Olympics.
Allen Sheppard, who died on March 25, 2015, was an author and was married to Peggy Damaris Jones. He was a member of the House of Lords.
Catherine Coleman was born on December 14, 1960. She is married to Josh Simpson and works in spaceflight. She is a colonel in the military.
Franciszek Karpiński was born on October 4th 1741 and was a translator. He also wrote sentimentalism. He is a member of the Polish ethnic group.
Florent Malouda, born on June 13th 1980, weighs 75.0 kilograms and participated in the 2006 FIFA World Cup. He has a sibling named Lesly Malouda.
Yohan Blake was born on December 26th 1989 in Saint James Parish. He participated in the 2016 Summer Olympics. He plays the sport of athletics.
Domingo Santa Maria was a Chilean lawyer who worked in Santiago and was the Chilean Minister of Finance. He died on July 18th, 1889.
Kevin Rudolf is an English-speaking actor who writes in English and plays alternative rock music.
Deborah Estrin was born in Los Angeles and works in the field of informatics. Her father is Gerald Estrin. Her sibling is Judith Estrin.
Maks Wraber was a botanist who worked for the Jovan Hadzi Institute of Biology and died in Ljubljana on 1972-05-14.
Michelangelo was a painter who died in Rome and was part of the High Renaissance movement. He is buried in the Basilica of Santa Croce.
Egon Krenz was a member of the Volkskammer and a politician. He was married to Erika Krenz. He was born on March 19th, 1937.
Sue Gardner, born on May 11, 1967, is a journalist and was the Chief Executive Officer of the Wikimedia Foundation. Sue Gardner is different from Cecelia Sue Gardner.
Marco Polo was born in Venice and his father was Niccolò Polo. He was a traveler. Niccolò Polo died in Brașov.
Raúl Albiol, who was born in Vilamarxant, is an association football player and participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup. He weighs 82.0 kilograms.
Domingo Santa Maria was a Chilean historian who died in Santiago. He was the Chilean Minister of Finance. He was born on August 4th, 1825.
Luigi Galvani was an inventor and worked in the field of medicine. He died in Bologna. He was married to Lucia Galeazzi Galvani.
Sergei Eisenstein was born in Riga and his father was Mikhail Eisenstein. He was a director. He is buried in Novodevichy Cemetery.
Emperor Ming of Jin was a member of the House of Sima and was the Emperor of China. He was the brother of Sima Huan. Emperor Ming of Jin has a child named Sima Xingnan.
John Romita Jr. is a comic artist and his father is John Romita Sr. He has worked on the comic Kick-Ass. John Romita Jr. was born in Brooklyn.
Jack Brabham, who is also known as 
Emperor Xiangzong of Western Xia has a child called Chahe and a father called Li Renyou. Li Renyou has a sibling named Li Renai. Emperor Chongzong of Western Xia has a child named Li Renai.
John Romita Jr. has a father named John Romita Sr. and has worked on Iron Man. John Romita Sr. is a penciller and illustrator.
Johanna Braddy is a voice actor from Atlanta, who writes in English. She was born on August 30th, 1987.
Emperor Xiangzong of Western Xia has a son named Li Chengzhen and a daughter named Chahe. His father is Li Renyou. Li Renyou has a sibling named Li Renai.
Frédéric Taddeï is a journalist who works for Europe 1. He is married to Claire Nebout, who was born in Bourg-la-Reine and speaks French.
John Hamilton was a politician and his wife was Margaret Lyon. He had a child named Lady Margaret Hamilton. John Hamilton was born in 1537 and his sibling is Claud Hamilton 1st Lord Paisley.
Michela Figini was born in Prato, Italy and participated in the women's downhill at the 1984 Winter Olympics. She was born on April 7th 1966 and has a mass of 61.0 kilograms.
Jackie Stewart, who is also known as 
José Joaquín Pérez was born in Santiago and was a diplomat. He was also a deputy of Chile. He died on July 1st, 1889 in Santiago.
Paul Otto was born on February 8th, 1878 and is a film director. He was employed by the Deutsches Theater and was married to Charlotte Klinder. He was buried at the Wilmersdorf Cemetery.
Bode Miller was born on October 12, 1977 in Easton, Massachusetts. He weighs 91.0 kilograms. He is a participant in alpine skiing at the 2010 Winter Olympics men's downhill.
Irina Beletskaya was born on March 10th, 1933. She is a chemist who works in the field of organic chemistry. She was born in Saint Petersburg and has a Doktor Nauk in Chemistry.
Jacqueline Cochran was born on May 11, 1906. She was a politician and a lieutenant colonel in the military. She was born in Pensacola and worked for the Air Transport Auxiliary.
Augustus was a Roman senator and had a child named Tiberius. His mother was Atia. Augustus was married to Claudia and his father was Gaius Octavius.
Mary Stewart was born in 1451 and her mother was Mary of Guelders. Mary of Guelder's father is Arnold Duke of Guelder's and she has a son named James III of Scotland. James III of Scotland was married to Margaret of Denmark, Queen of Scotland.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky was a translator and was buried in the Tikhvin Cemetery. He was married to Maria Dostoevskaya. Fyodor Dostoyevsky was born in Moscow and has a child named Lyubov Dostoevskaya.
Paul Otto was born in Berlin and was a director. He is buried in the Wilmersdorf Cemetery. He was employed by the Deutsches Theater and was married to Charlotte Klinder.
Lamine Diack was born on June 7th 1933 and was a politician. He was also the chairperson. He died on 3rd December 2021 in Dakar.
Alessandro Volta was born on February 18th, 1745. He was an inventor and a senator. He worked for the University of Pavia and was a member of the Franciscan religious order.
Ricardo Lagos was born on March 2, 1938. He worked for Duke University and was the President of Chile. He is a diplomat and has a child named Ricardo Lagos Weber.
Ricardo Lagos is an economist who works for Duke University. His mother is Ema Escobar. He was born in Santiago and is an agnostic.
Tibors de Sarenom was born in 1145 and is a writer. He was married to Bertrand I of Baux. William I of Baux is the child of Tibors de Sarenom who played medieval music.
Alessandro Volta was an inventor who worked at the University of Pavia. He has works in the collection of the Musée d'histoire des sciences de la Ville de Genève. He was born in Como and died there. He was married to Teresa Peregrini.
Stefan Raab was born in Cologne and plays the upright piano. He is a record producer. He works for Viva Germany and was a conductor at the Eurovision Song Contest.
Sara Simeoni, who is a standard-bearer, participated in the 1974 European Athletics Championships - women's high jump. She has a mass of 60.0 kilograms. She was born in Rivoli Veronese and is married to Erminio Azzaro.
Walter Ulbricht was born in Leipzig and worked in Dresden. He is buried at The Socialists' Memorial. He was married to Lotte Ulbricht and had a child named Beate Ulbricht.
Güyük Khan was married to Wuwuerheimishi and had a child named Khokhoo. His father was Ögedei Khan. Güyük Khan's mother is Töregene Khatun. Khoja is the sibling of Khokhoo.
Eugene Kaspersky is a computer scientist who works for Kaspersky Lab and was a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2015. He was born in Novorossiysk and has a son named Ivan.
Jean-Marc Ayrault was born on 25th January 1950 in Maulévrier. He has held the position of member of the French National Assembly. He works in Paris and is married to Brigitte Ayrault.
Li Bai was a calligrapher who worked in China and died in Dangtu County. His father was Li Ke and he died by drowning.
Emperor Ping of Han is the Emperor of China and his father is Liu Xing. Liu Xing has a sister called Princess Pingdou and his mother is Consort Feng Yuan. Princess Pingdou is a member of the House of Liu.
Emperor Chongzong of Western Xia was born in 1084 and was a Buddhist. He had a son, Emperor Renzong of Western Xia. Emperor Chongzong of Western Xia is from the Tangut people ethnic group and has a father, Emperor Huizong of Western Xia.
Vespasian was a Roman emperor and had a mother named Vespasia Polla. He also had a daughter named Domitilla the Younger. Vespasian's father was Titus Flavius Sabinus and his wife was Domitilla the Elder.
Hugues III d'Oisy was born to Simon d'Oisy and died in 1189. He was married to Margaret of Blois. He was born in 1145 and was a poet.
Giovanni Gronchi worked in Rome and was a member of the Constituent Assembly of Italy. His wife was Carla Gronchi. Giovanni Gronchi's native language is Italian and he has a laurea academic degree.
Seleucus III Ceraunus has a father named Seleucus II Callinicus and a mother named Laodice II. Seleucus II Callinicus had a child named Antiochus III the Great. Antiochus III the Great was a member of the Seleucid family and had a son called Mithridates.
Clara Immerwahr was a peace activist and died on May 2nd 1915. Her mother was Anna Immerwahr. Clara Immerwahr has a doctor rerum naturalium degree and her father is Philipp Immerwahr.
Valerie Aurora was born in 1978 and is a computer scientist. She works for Red Hat. Her father is Keith Henson and her mother is Carolyn Meinel.
Aristotle was a tutor and a student of Plato. He was a member of the peripatetic school. He was a zoologist and died in Stageira.
Anton Polenec was born on October 7th 1910 and died on October 30th 2000. He was a zoologist. He was born in Puštal and has a child named Tone Polenec.
Roman Herzog, who worked in Munich, was the President of Germany and was married to Alexandra von Vultejus. He died on 10th January 2017. He was a judge.
Harry Mulisch was born on July 29th, 1927. He is a novelist and part of the canon of Dutch literature. He died of natural causes and his notable work is The Stone Bridal Bed.
Seneca was a politician and a student of Papirius Fabianus, who was a student of Gaius Albucius Silus and worked in the field of rhetoric during the High Roman Empire.
Nicolas Anelka, who played in the 2010 FIFA World Cup, is an association football manager and is married to Barbara Tausia, who is a singer and works in the performing arts.
Marcus Aurelius was a student of Alexander of Cotiaeum and had a child named Fadilla. He was married to Faustina the Younger. He was a Roman emperor and died in Vindobona.
Marcus Aurelius was a Roman consul and a student of Herodes Atticus. He had a child named Annia Cornificia Faustina Minor and was married to Faustina the Younger. His father was Antoninus Pius.
Zinedine Zidane, who participated in the 2002 FIFA World Cup, is a native French speaker and has a son named Théo Zidane. Zinedine Zidane, who is also known as 
Julian Assange is an English speaking internet activist who was born to Christine Ann Assange. Julian Assange, who uses the pseudonym 
Stephen Harper, who plays the piano, was born in Toronto and was a member of the House of Commons of Canada. Stephen Harper, who writes in English, was a participant in the FII 5th Edition in Riyadh.
Louis de Funes, who played the piano, ended his work in 1982. He is a member of the de Funes family. Louis de Funès was born on July 31st 1914 and is a stage actor.
John Franklin was an explorer who participated in the Mackenzie River expedition. He was married to Eleanor Anne Porden. John Franklin was born in Spilsby and his mother is Hannah Weekes.
Emperor Ming of Han was born in Luoyang and held the position of crown prince. He had a child named Liu Junyi. Emperor Ming of Han died in Luoyang and had a child named Liu Xian.
Pierre Corneille, a playwright, was a member of the seat 14 of the Academie francaise and had a brother named Antoine Corneille. He is buried in the Eglise de Monceaux-l'Abbaye.
Stephen Harper, who is a native English speaker, was a participant in the FII 5th Edition in Riyadh and was the Prime Minister of Canada. Stephen Harper is a politician who writes in English.
Emperor Ming of Han was the crown prince and died in Luoyang. He had a child named Liu Ying. Emperor Ming of Han was born in Luoyang and had children named Liu Yan and Liu Ci.
Tom DeLonge is a pop punk musician who plays the guitar and is an actor. Tom DeLonge, who was born in Poway, has 2 children and works as an actor.
Mitt Romney is a United States senator and a Mormon missionary. He is the brother of G. Scott Romney, who writes in English and is a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He has a child named Tagg Romney.
Yuri Gagarin was a major in the military and an astronaut. He was married to Valentina Ivanovna Gagarina. He was born on March 9th, 1934 and died on March 27th, 1968. He had a mother named Anna Gagarina and a daughter named Galina Yuryevna Gagarina.
Vitellius was an Ancient Roman Senator and his mother was Sextilia. He died in Rome. Vitellius was born in Nuceria and his father was Lucius Vitellius the Elder. Lucius Vitellius the Elder has a child named Lucius Vitellius the Younger.
Alberich of Reims was a student of Geoffroy the Philosopher and Anselm of Laon. Geoffroy the Philosopher is a philosopher. Anselm of Laon was born in 1050 and died in Laon. Bruno of Cologne was a student of Anselm of Laon.
Abdalaati Iguider is a long distance runner who participated in the 2010 IAAF World Indoor Championships in the men's 1500 metres. He is an athlete. He was born on March 25th 1987 and weighs 57.0 kilograms. He speaks Berber.
Helen M. Berman was born in Chicago and works as a crystallographer. She is employed by Rutgers University. She was born in 1943 and was a student of Barbara Wharton Low. Barbara Wharton Low died in The Bronx.
Friedrich Theodor Vischer, who died on 14th September 1887, was a playwright who worked in Tübingen. He was also a professor at the University of Stuttgart.
Tiki Gelana was born on October 22, 1987 and is a marathon runner. She participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. Tiki Gelana is a relative of Gezahegne Abera and plays the sport of athletics. Gezahegne Abera was born in the Oromia Region.
Louis Antoine de Pardaillan de Gondrin was a nobleman with the title of margrave. He was the father of Pierre de Pardaillan de Gondrin and had a mother named Madame de Montespan. He was born on September 5th 1665 in Paris. He was the brother of Louis Auguste, Duke of Maine.
Daniel Craig, who is supported by Liverpool F.C. and nominated for a BAFTA award for best actor in a leading role, has a mother named Carol Olivia Williams. He is a model and has 2 children. His relative is Daniel Chamier.
Alexander Pushkin, who speaks Russian, is the father of Grigory Aleksandrovich Pushkin and has a mother named Nadezhda Pushkina. He died from ballistic trauma. His father was Sergey Pushkin.
Isabella I, Queen of Armenia, has a mother named Sibylla of Lusignan, a father named Leo I, King of Armenia, and a daughter named Princess Isabella of Armenia. Marie of Armenia was a princess and was married to Guy d'Ibelin. She was the sister of Princess Isabella of Armenia.
André-Marie Ampère, a mathematician, worked in Paris and was a student of Jean-Baptiste Firmin Demonferrand. He was employed by the Collège de France and was buried in the Montmartre Cemetery. His mother was Jeanne Antoinette de Sarcey.
Dan Brown was born on June 22, 1964. He is a teacher and writes thrillers. Dan Brown, who is a native English speaker, works for Phillips Exeter Academy and is the author of Angels & Demons.
Sandro Botticelli was a fresco painter and a student of Filippo Lippi. He is buried at the Ognissanti Church. Filippo Lippi was a student of Pier Francesco Fiorentino. Sandro Botticelli was a member of the Early Renaissance movement and died in Florence.
Isabella I, Queen of Armenia, has a father named Leo I, King of Armenia, and a mother named Sibylla of Lusignan. She has a daughter named Marie of Armenia. Marie of Armenia was a member of the Hethumid family and was married to Guy d'Ibelin. She had a sister named Rita of Armenia, Lady of Saravantikar.
Isabella I, Queen of Armenia, has a child named Marie of Armenia. Marie of Armenia was a member of the Hethumid family and was married to Guy d'Ibelin. She had a sibling named Sibylla of Armenia. Marie of Armenia was a princess. Իզաբելլա Իբելինա has a father named Guy d'Ibelin.
Marit Paulsen was born in Oslo and died on July 26th, 2022. She was a member of the European Parliament. She is a writer and works in Brussels. She has a child named Stina Morian.
Giovanni Leone was a lawyer and an Italian senator for life. He had a child named Gian Carlo Leone. He was born on November 3rd 1908 and worked in Rome. His mother is Maria Gioffredi.
Daniel Morgan was a military officer who worked in Washington D.C. and was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia. He was born in Hunterdon County and died on July 6th 1802. He was a slaveholder.
Michelle Bachelet is a consultant and has a son named Sebastián Dávalos. Her father is Alberto Bachelet. She was born in La Cisterna and is an epidemiologist. Her mother is Angela Jeria.
Emperor Ai of Jin was a sovereign and his mother was Consort Zhou. Emperor Cheng of Jin was the son of Emperor Ming of Jin and his wife was Consort Zhou. He lived in the House of Sima. Emperor Cheng of Jin was the Emperor of China.
Herman Melville was born in Manhattan and was a novelist. His most notable work is Moby-Dick. He died of heart failure in New York City.
Philipp Ludwig von Seidel was a student of Friedrich Bessel and was an optician. He was also a Ritter. Philipp Ludwig von Seidel was born in Zweibrücken and has a father named Justus Christian Felix Seidel. He has a brother named Georg Friedrich Justus Seidel.
Gustav Heinemann, a lawyer, worked for the University of Cologne and had a child named Uta Ranke-Heinemann. He was a Federal Minister of Justice and died in Essen, where he is buried in the municipal park cemetery.
Roy Budd, a pianist, died of a stroke. Roy Budd was born on March 14th, 1947 and is married to Caterina Valente. Caterina Valente is part of the Club Honolulu.
Paul Morand was born in the 8th arrondissement of Paris and died in Paris. His father was Eugene Morand. He was a diplomat and ambassador of France to Romania. He also wrote novels.
Saddam Hussein was the Prime Minister of Iraq and was married to Samira Shahbandar. He has a son named Qusay Hussein. He was born on April 28th 1937 and was a novelist. He died in Kadhimiya.
Trajan was a politician and died in Selinus, Cilicia. His sister was Ulpia Marciana. He was the son of Marcus Ulpius Traianus and was married to Pompeia Plotina. He was part of the Nerva–Antonine dynasty.
Salvador Allende was born on June 26th 1908 and was a member of the Senate of Chile. He was the father of Maria Isabel Allende. He was a politician and was killed in Santiago. He is related to Isabel Allende.
Petrarch was a writer and poet who studied under Pietro Cerniti. He was a student of Giovanni Malpaghini and had two children. He worked in the field of philosophy.
Lucy Everest Boole was born on August 5th 1862. She was a chemist and her father was George Boole. She was born in Blackrock and died on 1904-12-05. Her sister was Ethel Lilian Voynich.
Edward II of England was born to Edward I of England and Eleanor of Castile. He died at Berkeley Castle. Edward II of England was born at Caernarfon Castle. Eleanor of Castile was married to Edward I of England and had a child named Isabella of England.
Oscar Luigi Scalfaro was an Italian politician who was the Minister of the Interior. He was born in Novara and died on January 29th 2012. He was married to Maria Inzitari.
Emperor Wu of Jin has a father named Sima Zhao and a mother named Wang Yuanji. He also has a son named Sima Mo. Emperor Wu of Jin has children Sima Jian, Sima Hui and Princess Wannian.
Lluís Companys was born in El Tarròs and died at Montjuïc Castle. He was executed by capital punishment. He worked in Barcelona and was the civil governor of Barcelona. He died on October 15th, 1940.
Felix Baumgartner, born on April 20th, 1969, is a military personnel and a skydiver. He is unmarried to Mihaela Radulescu, and is a skydiving professional who was sponsored by Fortnite Battle Royale.
Quentin Tarantino is a director who writes in English and is nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director. He is also a writer of independent films. He was born in Knoxville and has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art.
Lluís Companys was a trade unionist and a city councilor of Barcelona. He had a child named Maria de l'Alba Companys i Micó. He worked in Barcelona and died at the Montjuïc Castle. His father was Josep Companys i Fontanet.
Ferdinand Marcos was a dictator and held the position of Secretary of National Defense. He died in Honolulu. He had a mother named Josefa Edralin Marcos and a sister named Fortuna Marcos-Barba. He also had a daughter named Aimee Marcos.
Kublai Khan had a child named Yuelie and was married to Tegulun. His father was Tolui. Kublai Khan was born in Khanbaliq and died in the same place. He was the son of Sorghaghtani Beki and had a child named Kuokuochu.
Louis Aragon, who uses the pseudonym Arnaud de Saint-Roman, is a physician writer who works for Ce soir and writes novels. His mother is Marguerite Toucas-Massillon.
Bruno Mars is a singer-songwriter who plays the piano. He was born on October 8th 1985. His mother is Bernadette San Pedro Bayot and his father is Peter Hernandez.
Louis Aragon was a surrealist writer and a physician. He was born on October 3rd, 1897 in the 16th arrondissement of Paris. He also used the pseudonym Arnaud de Saint Roman.
Antonio Segni, who is a native Italian speaker, was Prime Minister of Italy and has a son named Mario Segni. He was born in Sassari and died in Rome. He was a diplomat.
Andrei Tarkovsky was a film actor and his notable work was The Sacrifice. He died of natural causes. He worked in film screenwriting and ended his career in 1986. He has works in the collection of the Harvard Film Archive.
David Cecil, 6th Marquess of Exeter, was born at Burghley House. He was the son of William Cecil, 5th Marquess of Exeter. He participated in the 1924 Summer Olympics and held the position of Member of the House of Lords. He also had a daughter, Lady Victoria Leatham.
Francesco Cossiga was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic and worked for the University of Sassari. He has a son named Giuseppe Cossiga. Francesco Cossiga, who died on 17th August 2010, worked in Rome and has a laurea academic degree.
Weird Al
Ernst Mielck, who played the piano, was a student of Max Bruch, who was born in Cologne and is a composer who works in the genre of opera. Max Bruch died in Berlin.
George W. Bush, a businessperson, worked in Washington D.C. and has a sibling named Jeb Bush. George W. Bush, who played rugby, has two children, including Jenna Bush Hager. George W. Bush was the President-elect of the United States.
Douglas Adams was born on March 11, 1952 and is a notable writer of the Dirk Gently series. He is also a comedy writer. He works for The Digital Village. His father is Christopher Douglas Adams. His archives are at St John's College Library.
Jozef Pilsudski was the Prime Minister of Poland and died of liver cancer. He is buried in the Wawel Cathedral. Józef Piłsudski, who died in Warsaw, was depicted on Kasztanka by Piłsudski. He had a brother named Bronisław Piłsudski. Józef Piłsudski was born in Zalavas.
Friedrich Hayek was a university teacher and worked for the London School of Economics and Political Science. His archives are at the National Library of Wales. Leopoldine 'Poldy' Kalmus is a relative of Friedrich Hayek who was born in Vienna and died in Freiburg im Breisgau. Friedrich Hayek's field of work is cognitive science.
Grace Kelly is an American actress with blue eyes who plays Western music and speaks American English.
Jimmy Wales was born in 1966 and works as a merchant. He was employed by Bomis. He is married to Kate Garvey and was influenced by Ayn Rand. He participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2018. He is notable for his work on Wikipedia.
Daniel Balavoine was a pianist who was influenced by Christophe. He died in Gourma-Rharous. He worked until 1986 and played rock music. He has a child named Joana Balavoine.
Jawaharlal Nehru was a statesperson and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. He had a sister named Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit. Jawaharlal Nehru, who was a participant in the Asian-African Conference, wrote in English and was a Minister of External Affairs. Jawaharlal Nehru was married to Kamala Nehru.
Alfred Hitchcock's father is William Hitchcock and he is a notable suspense writer. Alfred Hitchcock was a director and his daughter is Pat Hitchcock. He is archived at the Margaret Herrick Library. Alfred Hitchcock was born in Leytonstone.
Matsuo Basho was a Japanese poet who was born in 1644 and died in 1694. He was a student of Kawai Sora and wrote haikai. His notable work is Nozarashi kikō.
Patti Smith is a singer and composer. She has works in the collection of the Photography Collection of the New York Public Library. She works in Detroit and plays art rock. She has a child named Jesse Smith. She plays the clarinet.
Robert Schumann, who worked in the field of chamber music, was a student of Albert Dietrich. He had a son named Felix Schumann. Robert Schumann was a conductor and a student of Heinrich Dorn. He is notable for his work Kinderszenen. Robert Schumann's father is August Schumann.
Stanisław Lem is a writer who works in the field of drama. He was nominated for the International Booker Prize and wrote the book The Star Diaries. He is represented by Franz Rottensteiner. His spouse is Barbara Lem.
Sean Connery was a Scottish actor who was nominated for a BAFTA award for best actor in a leading role. His father is Joseph Connery and his brother is Neil Connery. He was a native English speaker and died of atrial fibrillation on October 31, 2020. His spouse is Micheline Roquebrune.
John Coltrane is a conductor who plays the baritone saxophone. He is notable for his work on Giant Steps. He died from liver failure. He owned his own home. He worked for Blue Note.
Stanley Kubrick, who was a director, died of natural causes and is buried at Childwickbury Manor. Stanley Kubrick, who is an American Jew, was influenced by Max Ophuls and was nominated for a Golden Raspberry Award for worst director. Stanley Kubrick was married to Christiane Kubrick.
Stanley Kubrick was a film editor and was nominated for an Academy Award for best visual effects. He is buried at Childwickbury Manor. Stanley Kubrick died of natural causes in 1999. His archives are at the University of the Arts London Archives and Special Collections. Stanley Kubrick was a participant in documenta 6.
Charles Baudelaire was an essayist who died on 31st August 1867. He was a part of the Decadent movement. He was a Catholic and was influenced by Joseph de Maistre. He died of natural causes. His notable work is Les Fleurs du mal.
Joseph Haydn was a pianist and worked in the performing arts. He is buried in Bergkirche. Joseph Haydn, who played the piano, was a student of Sigismund von Neukomm. He was sponsored by Joseph Francis, 7th Prince of Lobkowicz. Joseph Haydn was born on March 31st, 1732.
Charles de Gaulle, who was born in Lille, wrote in French and was President of the Council. He was a member of the de Gaulle family and was a Catholic. He died from an aneurysm. His archives are at the Louis Round Wilson Library.
Bill Clinton, who is also known as 
Charles Aznavour, who has a father named Misha Aznavourian, was buried in the cemetery of Montfort-l'Amaury and has 5 children. Charles Aznavour, who ended his work in 2018, writes in French and performs chanson. Charles Aznavour is an Armenian.
Osama bin Laden's wife is Najwa bin Laden and he has a brother named Salem bin Laden. He was a member of the antisemitism movement. Osama bin Laden, who was a terrorist, was buried in the Arabian Sea. He was also known as 
Konrad Adenauer was Lord Mayor of Cologne and participated in the 1949 West German presidential election. He has a son named Ferdinand Adenauer. He was a resistance fighter and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. He had a brother named August Adenauer. His religion or worldview is Catholic.
Frida Kahlo was a Mexican artist who worked in the style of magic realism. She was born in Mexico City and died from a pulmonary embolism. Her works are in the collection of the Museo de Arte Moderno. She was also a biographer and worked in the engraving process. She also wrote a diary.
Abraham Lincoln was born on February 12th 1809 and was a member of the Baptist religion. He was the owner of the Lincoln Bible. Abraham Lincoln had 1 child. Abraham Lincoln was shot in the head and was influenced by his sufferings in Africa. His wife was Mary Todd Lincoln.
Marianne Vos is a track cyclist who participated in 2010 women's road cycling and is a cyclo-cross sport. Marianne Vos was born on 13th May 1987 in s-Hertogenbosch and weighs 58.0 kilograms. Marianne Vos participated in the 2014 UCI Women's Road World Cup.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is a film producer and has a child called Christina Schwarzenegger. He is also known for his work in Terminator: Dark Fate. Arnold Schwarzenegger, who writes in English, has an unmarried partner named Heather Milligan and a mother named Aurelia Schwarzenegger. Arnold Schwarzenegger has a mass of 113.0 kilograms.
Francis Mitterrand, who died on 1996-01-08, was a French politician and statesman who served as President of France from 1981 to 1995. He was a member of the Socialist Party and was known for his left-wing political views. He was also an agnostic. He was married to Anne Pingeot, and they had a daughter together. He died of prostate cancer. His archives are at the Institut Francois Mitterrand.
Jacob Grimm, who was a university teacher, died in Berlin. He was a student of Benedict Waldeck. Jacob Grimm worked at the Frederick William University and his brother was Ludwig Emil Grimm. Jacob Grimm's notable work is Deutsche Mythologie. Jacob Grimm died on 1863-09-20.
Naguib Mahfouz is a playwright and screenwriter. His notable work is The Harafish. Naguib Mahfouz, who was influenced by Franz Kafka, worked until 2004 and died on August 30th, 2006. Naguib Mahfouz's spouse is Atiyatullah Ibrahim.
Hillary Clinton is a writer and was an intern. She has a bachelor's degree. She was born at Edgewater Hospital and has worked on Hard Choices. She has also participated in the India Economic Conclave 2022. She works in Washington D.C.
Paul McCartney is a pop rock musician who works for the Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts. He is depicted by Paul McCartney ('Mike's Brother'). He is a student of Donovan.
M.C. Escher is a graphic artist who works in Brussels and creates landscape art. His spouse is Jetta Umiker and his mother is Sara Adriana Gleichman. He has works in the collection of the CODA Museum. He was a student of Samuel Jessurun de Mesquita.
Charles Dickens, who wrote in British English, is buried in Westminster Abbey and has works in the collection of the Stedelijk Museum Amsterdam. He was a social critic and wrote the book Hard Times: For These Times. He also had a daughter named Dora Annie Dickens. He is depicted in his study.
Charles Dickens, who died in 1870, wrote in British English and had a sibling named Augustus Dickens. He wrote novels and died at Gads Hill Place. He had a son named Alfred D'Orsay Tennyson Dickens. His works are in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Charles Dickens, who died in 1870, has a son named Charles Dickens Jr. and wrote the book Bleak House. Charles Dickens was unmarried but had a partner named Ellen Ternan. His father was John Dickens. Charles Dickens wrote short stories.
Barack Obama, a politician, was a participant in the commencement at the University of Notre Dame. He has a sister named Auma Obama. He is also known as 
Louis XV of France was born on 1710-02-15. He was unmarried but had a partner named Marie Anne de Coislin. He also had a child named Benoit Louis le Duc. Louis XV of France, who died of smallpox, had brown eyes and owned Louis XV in Armour. Louis XV of France is a member of the House of Bourbon.
Leonard Cohen, who was married to Suzanne Elrod, was a participant in the Mariposa Folk Festival and was unmarried to Marianne Ihlen. Leonard Cohen, who retired in 2016, is a singer and his notable work is The Energy of Slaves. Leonard Cohen was born on September 21, 1934.
George Harrison, who also goes by the name George O'Hara-Smith, plays the violin and has a notable work called Something. George Harrison is a folk rock singer who has a son named Dhani Harrison. George Harrison's religion is Hinduism.
Leonhard Euler was an astronomer who worked in the field of differential calculus. He is notable for his work on Euler's identity. Leonhard Euler, who worked in Berlin, wrote in German and was a student of Semen Kotelnikov. Leonhard Euler was married to Salomea Abigail Euler.
Ludwig van Beethoven was a student of Christian Gottlob Neefe and was an improviser. His notable work is the Piano Sonata No. 14. He played the piano and his brother was Nicolaus Johann van Beethoven. He was a student of Archduke Rudolf of Austria.
Ludwig van Beethoven was a musician who was influenced by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart. He was a student of Dorothea von Ertmann. He was a Flemish ethnic group member who played the piano and was a notable work of his was the Piano Sonata No. 21. He was a part of the Romantic music movement. He died of liver cirrhosis.
Michael Jackson is a screenwriter and plays the drum kit. He has a sister called Janet Jackson. Michael Jackson, who was influenced by Jackie Wilson, is the owner of Neverland Ranch and plays pop music. Michael Jackson's last day of work was in 2009.
Michael Jackson is an art collector and singer. He was influenced by Sammy Davis Jr. Michael Jackson is an African American and has a medical condition called vitiligo. He has a brother named Brandon Jackson. Michael Jackson's field of work is music composing.
Francisco de Goya was an etcher and his mother was Gracia de Lucientes y Salvador. His notable work is Adoration of the Name of God. He has a child named Francisco Javier Goya Bayeu. He worked in Bordeaux and has works in the collection of the New Mexico Museum of Art. He is related to Ramon Bayeu.
Pablo Picasso's works are in the collection of the Menil Collection. He is a participant in De Calder à Koons Bijoux d'Artistes La Collection Idéale de Diane Venet and works in the graphics genre. Pablo Picasso, who died on April 8th, 1973, worked in Avignon and had a child named Claude Picasso. Pablo Picasso was depicted by the Rhode Island School of Design denies claim on Picasso by Alphonse Kann heirs.
Elizabeth Smith-Stanley Countess of Derby was born at Holyrood Palace and died in London.
Emperor He of Han was a crown prince and the Emperor of China.
Conrad Nutschan was born on September 5th, 1979 and his notable work is Alles über Wikipedia und die Menschen hinter der größten Enzyklopädie der Welt.
Elizabeth Smith-Stanley Countess of Derby was born at Holyrood Palace and died in London.
Cleopatra the Alchemist is a philosopher and an alchemist.
Mahieu de Gant is a composer who writes in French.
Emperor He of Han was a crown prince and the Emperor of China.
Jeehiun Lee was born in 1968 and works for Rutgers University.
Balbinus was a Roman emperor and was part of the Pupienus and Balbinus.
Plotius Tucca was a writer during the Roman Empire.
Florencia de Saracho was born on December 4th, 1981 and is an actor.
Annibale Carracci died on July 15th 1609 in Rome.
Gordian III was an Ancient Roman Senator and his mother was Maecia Faustina.
Guntis Valneris was born on 6th September 1967 and participated in the 2017 Draughts World Championship.
Arnaut Daniel was born in Ribérac and is a composer.
Vasco da Gama was born in Sines and died in St. Francis Church.
Ping Fu was born in 1958 and is a businessperson.
Leslie Barnett was born in London and is a molecular biologist.
Vasco da Gama was born in Sines and died in the Jerónimos Monastery.
Ashton Rome was born on December 31st 1985 in Nesbitt.
Ping Fu was born in Nanjing and is a computer scientist.
Emperor Xian of Han has a father, Emperor Ling of Han, who had a child, the Prince of Hongnong.
Pauline Newman was born in New York City and is a chemist.
Emperor Yuan of Han has a father Emperor Xuan of Han and a mother Empress Xu Pingjun.
Štefan Michieli was an entomologist who died in Ljubljana.
Corentin Martins played in the UEFA Euro 1996 and is an association football manager.
Publius Flavius Vegetius Renatus was a military personnel and a writer.
Kathleen C. Taylor was born in the United States of America in 1942.
Patrick Ricard was a business executive who died in Toulon.
Anna Sundstrom was born in Spånga and is a chemist.
Robert the Monk was a historian who died on 23rd August 1122.
Andre de Kruijff was born on April 9th, 1895 and died in Amstelveen.
Rafal Bigus, who weighs 125.0 kilograms, was a participant in EuroBasket 1997.
Pattie Maes was born in Brussels-Capital Region and is a computer scientist.
Elena Lashmanova was born on April 9th 1992 in Saransk.
Emperor Huizong of Song was the son of Emperor Shenzong of Song and his religion was Taoism.
Jing Li is a researcher who works for Yespoho India Pvt Ltd.
Stefen Fangmeier was born on December 9th, 1960 in El Paso.
Mitchell Watt was born in Bendigo and plays athletics.
Jean-Jacques Kieffer worked in the field of dipterology and died in Bitche.
Andreas Capellanus wrote De amore in Latin.
Jérémy Toulalan was born on 10th September 1983 and participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Mimar Sinan was born in Ağırnas and was a scientist.
Bjorn Otto, who weighs 90.0 kilograms, participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Henry P. Alexander was a United States representative who died in Little Falls.
Yevgeniya Kolodko was born on July 22, 1990 and is a shot putter.
Franz Klammer is a participant in the 1984 Winter Olympics and plays alpine skiing.
Ward Cunningham was born in Michigan City and is a programmer.
Ward Cunningham was born in Michigan City and is a programmer.
Patsy O'Connell Sherman was an inventor and died in Minneapolis.
Franc Gubenšek was born on October 31st, 1937 in Celje. He is a biologist.
Kayla Ewell is a television actor who writes in English.
Emperor Ling of Han was the Emperor of China and had a son Emperor Xian of Han. Princess Wannian is the sister of Emperor Xian of Han.
Francis Coventry was born in 1725 and was a writer. He was an Anglican.
Stefen Fangmeier was born on December 9th, 1960. He is a film director and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Claire Holt is an actor from Brisbane, Australia.
Mariya Savinova is a middle-distance runner who competes in athletics. She has a mass of 60.0 kilograms.
Bernard Lacombe is a football player who played in the UEFA Euro 1984.
Jessica Ennis-Hill is an athletics competitor who participated in the 2006 Commonwealth Games.
Olga Kaniskina is an athletics competitor who participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics. She weighs 43.0 kilograms.
Dejen Gebremeskel is a participant in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He weighs 57.0 kilograms.
Brigetta Barrett is a high jumper who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. She weighs 64.0 kilograms.
Abel Mutai is an athletics competitor who participated in athletics at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Elsie Widdowson was born in Wallington and died on June 14th 2000. She worked in the field of chemistry.
Claude Bourgelat was born in Lyon and wrote in French. He was an encyclopédiste.
Abel Kirui, who is an athletics competitor, was born in Bomet and weighs 62.0 kilograms.
Sébastien Squillaci was born on 11th August 1980 and speaks French. He played in the UEFA Euro 2008.
Horace was a student of a philosopher and a member of the Platonism movement.
Tatyana Lysenko was born in Bataysk and participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics. She is an athlete.
Anna J. Harrison was a university teacher who died on August 8th, 1998. Her archives are at Mount Holyoke College.
Dejen Gebremeskel, born in Adigrat, is an athletics competitor.
Rufus R. Jones was born on July 4th, 1933 and died in Kansas City. He spoke English.
Wang Tao was born on 13th December 1967 and played table tennis at the 1992 Summer Olympics.
Solko van den Bergh died on 1916-12-25 and participated in the 1900 Summer Olympics. He also played bullseye shooting.
Dave Arneson was born on October 1st, 1947 and is a role-playing game designer. He is also notable for his work on Blackmoor.
Lucy Weston Pickett was born in Beverly and worked as a chemist. She was employed by the University of Liège.
Lucy Weston Pickett was born in Beverly and died on November 23, 1997. She worked for Mount Holyoke College.
Solko van den Bergh was a participant in the 1900 Summer Olympics and died in The Hague. He was a sport shooter.
Hubert Clifford was born in Bairnsdale and died in 1959. He was a film score composer.
Primož Kozmus was born on September 30th, 1979 and is a hammer thrower. He participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Stephen Kiprotich was born on February 27th, 1989. He is a long distance runner and participated in the men's marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Mr. Lawrence was born on January 1st, 1969 in East Brunswick. He is a comedian.
Raffaellino del Garbo was a painter. Andrea del Sarto was a student of Raffaellino del Garbo and died in Florence.
Elmer Gethin Rees, who died in Bristol, was a topologist who worked in the field of algebraic geometry.
Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad was born on March 15th 1985. He is an athletics competitor.
Laurent Koscielny, who weighs 75.0 kilograms, is an association football player who participated in the UEFA Euro 2016.
Miguel de Cervantes was a native speaker of Early Modern Spanish and worked as an accountant. He died in Madrid.
Jennifer Suhr was born in Fredonia and participated in the 2015 Pan American Games. She weighs 65.0 kilograms.
Lalonde Gordon was born on November 25th, 1988. He is an athletics competitor and participated in the men's 400 metres at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Qin Er Shi's father is Qin Shi Huangdi, who was born in the Mausoleum of the First Qin Emperor and his mother is Queen Dowager Zhao.
Olivier Giroud is a football player who participated in the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification - UEFA Group A.
Hermann Maier is an alpine skier who participated in the men's Super G at the 1998 Winter Olympics.
Kateri Tekakwitha was born in 1656 and is buried in Kahnawake. She is an indigenous American.
Mutaz Essa Barshim is an athletics competitor who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Karim Benzema was born on 19th December 1987 and is an association football player. He participated in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
William Terry was a lawyer and a slaveholder who died from drowning.
Olivier Giroud was born on September 30th 1986 in Chambéry. He speaks French.
Gerardus Mercator was born in Rupelmonde and died in Duisburg. He was a cosmographer.
Hélinand of Froidmont was born in 1160 and was a poet who wrote in Latin.
Nicholas Meyer is a director who has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing Adapted Screenplay. He writes in English.
Socrates was a teacher and his wife was Xanthippe. His mother was Phaenarete. Phaenarete lived during the classical antiquity period.
Justin Gatlin is an athletics competitor who participated in the men's 100 metres at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He was born on February 10th, 1982.
Giuseppe Farina was born on October 30th 1906 and died in the Monumental Cemetery of Turin. He was a participant in the 24 Hours of Le Mans. He is a sport auto racer.
Myrtle Bachelder was an engineer who worked for the University of Chicago and died in Chicago. She worked in the field of radiochemistry.
Elder Paisios of Mount Athos was born on July 25th 1924 and died on July 12th 1994 from cancer. Elder Paisios of Mount Athos died of natural causes.
Socrates was a philosopher and his wife was Myrto. His mother was Phaenarete. Socrates was born in Alopeke.
Gerardus Mercator was born in Rupelmonde and died in Duisburg. He was a theologian and a cartographer.
Hélinand of Froidmont was born in 1160 and was a historian who wrote in Latin. He was a member of the Benedictine religious order.
Bill Maher, born on 1956-01-20, is an actor who has COVID-19. He writes in English.
Bill Maher is an actor who speaks English and has COVID-19. He was born in New York City.
Gordian II was a Roman consul and died in Carthage. His father was Gordian I, who was a praetor.
Fabrizio Donato was born on 14th August 1976 and participated in the 2000 Summer Olympics. He is an athlete. He has a mass of 82.0 kilograms.
Ezekiel Kemboi, born in Marakwet District, is an athletics competitor who participated in the 2002 Commonwealth Games. He is a sportsman who plays athletics.
Bill Maher was born on January 20th, 1956. He is a screenwriter and writes in English. He was born in New York City.
František Plánička, born in 1904, was a football player and used the pseudonym 
Gilles de Corbeil was born in 1140 and died in 1224. He was a poet. He was born in Corbeil-Essonnes.
Deborah Compagnoni is an alpine skier who participated in the alpine skiing at the 1998 Winter Olympics – women's giant slalom.
Deborah Compagnoni, born in Bormio, was a participant in the alpine skiing at the 1998 Winter Olympics – women's giant slalom. She is married to Alessandro Benetton. She has a mass of 60.0 kilograms.
Ehsan Hadadi is an athletics competitor who participated in the 2010 Asian Games. He was born on January 20th, 1985.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier was born in Montbrison and died on February 10th, 1836 in Paris. She was married to Benjamin Thompson.
Radia Perlman, born in Portsmouth, is a mathematician who works for the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She works in the field of software engineering.
Qin Shi Huangdi's father was King Zhuangxiang of Qin and his mother was Queen Dowager Zhao. King Zhuangxiang of Qin was married to Queen Dowager Zhao and had a child named Chengjiao.
Deborah Compagnoni is an alpine skier who participated in the women's giant slalom at the 1998 Winter Olympics. She weighs 60.0 kilograms.
Jochen Rindt was a Formula One driver and was married to Nina Rindt. He died in a traffic collision. His father is Karl Rindt.
Lech Wałęsa was born on 29th September 1943 and is a member of the Polish ethnic group. He is a politician. He is a member of the Catholic Church.
Mary-Anne Paulze Lavoisier was a chemist and was married to Benjamin Thompson. Her father was Jacques Paulze. She died on February 10th, 1836.
Erika Hess was born on March 6th 1962 and is a native speaker of Swiss German. She is an alpine skier. Erika Hess is a relative of Monika Hess.
Franciszek Karpiński was a playwright who died in Vaŭkavysk. He wrote sentimentalism. He died on 16th September 1825.
Helen Murray Free was born in Pittsburgh and worked in the field of chemistry. She died on May 1st, 2021. Helen Murray Free is a chemist.
Federico Gamboa was born on December 22, 1864 and died in Mexico City on 1939. He is a playwright.
Eiichiro Oda is a mangaka who works for Shueisha. He was a student of Masaya Tokuhiro. He is a notable work for One Piece.
Fra Bartolomeo was a drawer and a student of Cosimo Rosselli, who was born in Florence. Neri di Bicci died in Florence.
Abou Diaby is 82.0 kilograms and is related to Sekana Diaby. Sekana Diaby played football and participated in the 1990 African Cup of Nations.
Eiichiro Oda, whose nickname is 
Abou Diaby is an association football player and his relative is Sekana Diaby. Sekana Diaby was born in Abidjan and participated in the 1988 African Cup of Nations.
Eddy Ottoz is a politician and has a child named Laurent Ottoz. He is part of the Ottoz family. He was born in Mandelieu-la-Napoule.
Fra Bartolomeo was a drawer and a student of Cosimo Rosselli. Cosimo Rosselli died in Florence. Piero di Cosimo was born in Florence.
Hubert Salentin was born in Zülpich and works in the art of painting. He has works in the collection of the Moravian Gallery in Brno. He was born on January 15th, 1822.
Franciszek Karpiński was a translator who died in Vaŭkavysk and was buried in Lyskava. He died on 1825-09-04.
Helen Murray Free was born in Pittsburgh and worked as an inventor for Indiana University South Bend. She died on 1st May 2021.
J. Bernlef, who died on October 29th, 2012, was a translator and a native speaker of Dutch. He has works in the collection of the CODA Museum.
Sue Gardner, born in Bridgetown, is a writer who works for the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. She was born on May 11th, 1967.
Tolui, who was the son of Genghis Khan, was married to Lingqun khatun and had a child named Moge. Tolui has a mother named Börte.
Deborah Estrin, who works at Cornell University, is a university teacher and has a notable work called Scalable timers for soft state protocols. Deborah Estrin works in the field of informatics.
Willi Stoph, who died on 1999-04-13, was a German writer and atheist. He was the Prime Minister of East Germany.
Antiochus IV Epiphanes has a mother named Laodice III. Laodice III has a child named Laodice IV. Her father is Mithridates II of Pontus and her mother is Laodice.
Raúl Albiol is a football player who played in the UEFA Euro 2008. He was born in Vilamarxant.
Uilke Vuurman was a sport shooter who participated in the 1900 Summer Olympics. He died on July 14th, 1955. He was also a corporal in the military.
Sima Lun's father is Sima Yi, who was born in Wen County and had a son named Sima Zhao. Miss Bai is married to Sima Yi.
Jack Brabham, who died on May 19th, 2014, was a sporting director. He died on the Gold Coast. Jack Brabham was born in Hurstville.
The Prince of Changyi has a child named Liu Daizong. Liu Fengqin is the sibling of Liu Daizong and lives in the House of Liu. Liu Chongguo's family house is called House of Liu. Liu Daizong's sibling is Liu Fengqin.
Emperor Ming of Jin was the Emperor of China and held the position of Emperor. He had a sibling named Sima Xi and his mother was Lady Xun. Emperor Ming of Jin died on 18th October 0325. His spouse was Empress Yu Wenjun.
John Romita Jr. is a comic artist and his father is John Romita Sr. He is also known for his work on The Amazing Spider-Man. John Romita Jr. was born on August 17th, 1956. John Romita Sr. was born in Brooklyn.
Geoffrey Dear was born in the United Kingdom and is a police officer. His father is Cecil William Dear. Violet Mildred Mackney was married to Cecil William Dear. Geoffrey Dear's mother is Violet Mildred Mackney.
Ada Yonath is a molecular biologist who works at the Weizmann Institute of Science. She was born on June 22, 1939 and was influenced by William Lipscomb.
Rachel Maddow is an actor who was nominated for a Grammy award for best audio book narration and storytelling recording. She is unmarried but has a partner named Susan Mikula. Rachel Maddow was born in Castro Valley and is a Catholic.
Jack Brabham, who was a Knight Bachelor, died of natural causes at the Gold Coast. He has 3 children.
Louis IX of France was born in Poissy and had a father named Louis VIII of France. He had a daughter named Margaret of France, Duchess of Brabant. He was married to Margaret of Provence and had a mother named Blanche of Castile.
Louis IX of France was born in Poissy and died in Tunis. He had a daughter named Isabella of France Queen of Navarre. He was married to Margaret of Provence and his mother was Blanche of Castile.
John Romita Jr. was born in Brooklyn and is a comic artist. He is known for his work on The Amazing Spider-Man. He was born on August 17th, 1956. His father is John Romita Sr.
Mette Frederiksen, who has two children, is married to Bo Tengberg and is a member of the Folketing. She was born in Aalborg and is a politician.
Mette Frederiksen is a member of the Folketing and has two children. Her spouse is Bo Tengberg. She was born in Aalborg and is a trade unionist.
Nero was a Roman consul and his mother was Agrippina the Younger. Agrippina the Younger was born in Cologne and her father was Germanicus. Germanicus has a child called Caligula.
Ashton Eaton is a combined track and field event athlete and is married to Brianne Theisen-Eaton, who weighs 64.0 kilograms and is a participant in the athletics sport. She also participated in the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Franz Beckenbauer, who was a participant in the 1966 FIFA World Cup, is also known by the pseudonym 
Paul Otto was an actor who worked for the Deutsches Theater. He died by suicide. He was born on February 8th, 1878 and was buried at the Wilmersdorf Cemetery.
Augustus was a tribune and had a child named Julia the Elder. His father was Julius Caesar. Augustus was married to Claudia and his mother was Atia.
Ellen Swallow Richards was born on December 3rd, 1842. She worked as an environmentalist and was employed by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She was born in Dunstable and speaks English.
Emperor Xuanzong of Jin was the Emperor of China and had a father named Wanyan Yungong. He also had a brother named Emperor Zhangzong of Jin. Emperor Xuanzong of Jin was born on April 18th, 1163. His spouse was Empress Minghui.
Yanka Kupala was born in Viazynka and is a Belarusian speaking politician. His spouse is Uladzislava Lutsevich. Uladzislava Lutsevich works for the Litaraturny muzeĭ Ianki Kupaly.
Ashton Eaton, who is married to Brianne Theisen-Eaton, is a participant in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics. Brianne Theisen-Eaton was born on December 18th 1986 and weighs 64.0 kilograms.
Jennette McCurdy is a country music singer and a voice actor. She was born on June 26th, 1992 in Los Angeles.
Irina Beletskaya was born in Saint Petersburg and has a doctorate in chemistry. She is an inventor. She was born on March 10th, 1933 and works for Moscow State University.
Lamine Diack is a chairperson and an athletics competitor. He has 15 children. Lamine Diack, who died in Dakar, has a son named Papa Massata Diack.
Emperor Gong of Sui died on 0619-09-14 and his father was Yang Zhao. Yang Zhao has a mother named Empress Xiao and a spouse named Consort Wei. He also has a sibling named Consort Yang.
Scipio Africanus' father was Publius Cornelius Scipio, who was born in Ancient Rome and was an Ancient Roman politician. He was married to Pomponia and died in action.
Heino has 2 children and has a medical condition called toxic diffuse goiter. He plays the voice instrument. He was born on December 13th, 1938 in Düsseldorf.
Alberich of Reims was a student of Geoffroy the Philosopher and Anselm of Laon. Geoffroy the Philosopher is a philosopher. Bruno of Cologne was a student of Anselm of Laon and has works in the collection of the Victoria and Albert Museum.
Scipio Africanus was born in Ancient Rome and his father was Publius Cornelius Scipio, who was a Roman consul. Publius Cornelius Scipio died in Hispania during the Middle Roman Republic.
George Frideric Handel was an impresario and composer of anthems. He died in London. He was born to Georg Handel and was buried in Westminster Abbey.
Jean-Marc Ayrault is a French speaking politician who was the Mayor of Nantes. He was born on 25th January 1950 and is a Catholic.
U Thant was a diplomat and a Buddhist. His father was Po Hnit. U Thant was born in Pantanaw and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize.
CeeLo Green is an American singer-songwriter and record producer. He is best known for his work with the group Gnarls Barkley and as a solo artist. He has also released several albums under his own name. CeeLo Green's native language is English and he writes in English. He also goes by the pseudonym 
Brigitte Fontaine is a French poet who is married to Areski Belkacem. She was born in Morlaix and is known by the nickname 
Paul Bocuse, who died of Parkinson's disease, is buried in the cemetery of Collonges-au-Mont-d'Or. He has a son named Jerome Bocuse. Paul Bocuse was born on February 11th, 1926. He was a student of Pierre Orsi.
Alpha Condé, who was born in Boké, works for the University of Paris and participated in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2013. He is a writer and his notable work is Un Africain engagé: Ce que je veux pour la Guinée.
Pierre Poivre was a diplomat who worked on the Mauritius Island. He was married to Françoise Robin. Pierre Poivre was born in Lyon and died in Saint-Romain-au-Mont-d'Or.
Kevin Mitnick, who was born at Van Nuys High School, is an international forum participant and uses the pseudonym 
Emperor Taizong of Liao was born on 0902-11-25. He has a sibling named Yelu Yaliguo and a child named Yelu Tiande. Emperor Taizong of Liao was the Emperor of China and was married to Xiao Wen.
Michael Shaw, who works in Strasbourg, was a member of the 49th Parliament of the United Kingdom. He has a son named James William Shaw. Michael Shaw was born in Leeds and is a politician.
Jorge Alessandri, an engineer, is buried in the Santiago General Cemetery. He has a brother named Fernando Alessandri. Jorge Alessandri died on 31st August 1986 and his father was Arturo Alessandri.
Claudius was born in Lugdunum and his father was Nero Claudius Drusus. His mother was Antonia Minor. Nero Claudius Drusus was married to Antonia Minor and had a child called Germanicus.
Vitellius was born in Nuceria and was a Roman senator. He died in Rome. Vitellius was the son of Lucius Vitellius the Elder and Sextilia.
Vespasian was married to Domitilla the Elder and had a child named Titus. His father was Titus Flavius Sabinus. Titus was born in Rome and held the position of an Ancient Roman senator.
Emperor Shizong of Liao was murdered and had a child Emperor Jingzong of Liao. His mother was Empress Dowager Xiao. Emperor Shizong of Liao was married to Xiao Sagezhi and had a sibling named Yelü Longxian.
Geoffrey Arend is a voice actor who was born in Manhattan, New York. He is married to Christina Hendricks, a notable actor in Scoob!
Pertinax was born in Alba and died in Rome. He was a proconsul. He was married to Flavia Titiana. Flavia Titiana has a father named Titus Flavius Claudius Sulpicianus.
Anton Polenec was born on October 7th 1910 and died in Kranj. He was a partisan. He died on October 30th 2000 and has a child named Andrej Polenec.
Alison Lohman, born on September 18th, 1979, is an English speaking actor. She has 2 children and is married to Mark Neveldine.
Alison Lohman, who was born in Palm Springs, is an English speaking actor. She has two children.
Federico Errázuriz Zañartu was born in Santiago and was a lawyer. He was a deputy of Chile. He died on July 20th 1877 of myocardial infarction. He had a child named Ladislao Errázuriz Echaurren.
Alberto Ascari was a Formula One driver and participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans. He was born to Antonio Ascari and died on May 26th 1955 in Monza.
Francis Marrash was a physician who died in 1874. He had a sister named Maryana Marrash. Francis Marrash's notable work is Ghabat al-Haqq and he writes in Arabic. Maryana Marrash died in Aleppo.
Giovanni Boccaccio was a biographer who wrote in Latin and his native language was Italian. He was born in Certaldo and died of edema. He was a student of Benvenuto Rambaldi da Imola.
Barbara, also known as 
Seneca was a statesperson and studied under Papirius Fabianus, who was a student of Gaius Albucius Silus and worked in the field of philosophy during the High Roman Empire.
Emperor Zhao of Han has a father, Emperor Wu of Han. Emperor Wu of Han was born in Chang'an and died in Chang'an. He was married to Li Ji and had a daughter named Princess Zhuyi. Emperor Wu of Han was born in Chang'an and had a daughter named Princess Shiyi.
Alexander Lukashenko is a Belarusian writer who works in the field of politics. His wife is Galina Lukashenko. He has a son named Dzmitry Lukashenko. His mother is Katsiaryna Lukashenka.
Patricio Aylwin, who died on April 19th, 2016, was a lawyer and had 5 children. He worked for the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile and died in Providencia. He was married to Leonor Oyarzun.
Javier Pérez de Cuéllar, a politician, died of natural causes. He was a native speaker of Spanish. Javier Perez de Cuellar, who is a Catholic, was the ambassador of Peru to France and was married to Yvette Roberts-Darricau.
Alexander Lukashenko was born on August 30th 1954 and is a military personnel. He is also the President of Belarus. He is a lieutenant colonel in the military and has the mother Katsiaryna Lukashenka. His wife is Galina Lukashenko.
Emperor An of Jin has a father named Emperor Xiaowu of Jin. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was born in 363 and died in 396. He had a mother named Empress Dowager Li Lingrong and a sibling named Sima Tianliu. Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was an emperor and had a child, Emperor Gong of Jin.
Emperor Xiaowu of Jin was the Emperor of China and his wife was Empress Wang Fahui. He had a sibling named Sima Zhusheng. He was born in 362 and died in 396 by homicide.
Baron d'Holbach was a salonnière and an atheist. He wrote in French and died in Paris.
Manuel Blanco Encalada was a military personnel and an ambassador. He had a brother named Ventura Blanco Encalada. Manuel Blanco Encalada's spouse is Carmen Gana Lopez. Ventura Blanco Encalada worked for the University of Chile and died in Santiago.
Sebastián Piñera is an economist and a Catholic. He is the brother of José Piñera Echenique. His father, José Piñera Carvallo, was a senator of Chile.
Manuel Blanco Encalada was born on April 21, 1790. He was a politician and held the position of President of Chile. He died on September 5th 1876 in Santiago. His wife was Carmen Gana Lopez.
Manuel Blanco Encalada was born on April 21, 1790 and died on September 5, 1876. He was a diplomat. He was a commander-in-chief and ambassador. He was married to Carmen Gana Lopez.
Sebastián Piñera, who was born in Santiago, is a politician and his wife is Cecilia Morel. Sebastián Piñera is a Catholic and has 4 children. He has a brother named José Piñera Echenique.
Ernst Mayr was a biologist who worked in the field of evolutionary biology. He died on February 3rd, 2005. He was an atheist.
Vladimir Lenin was a member of the Politburo of the CPSU Central Committee and was married to Nadezhda Krupskaya. He died from a cerebral hemorrhage. Vladimir Lenin was born in Ulyanovsk and died in Bolshiye Gorki. His mother was Maria Alexandrovna Ulyanova.
Antiochus III the Great was a member of the Seleucid family and had a mother named Laodice II. He also had a child named Ardys. Antiochus III the Great was the son of Seleucus II Callinicus and had a child named Antiochus IV Epiphanes. Seleucus III Ceraunus has a mother named Laodice II.
Michel Audiard is a writer and film screenwriter. He is notable for his work Comment réussir quand on est con et pleurnichard. He was born on May 15th 1920 in rue Brézin and died in Dourdan.
Michel Audiard, a journalist, has a son, Jacques Audiard, and wrote the novel Don't Take God's Children for Wild Geese. Michel Audiard was born on May 15th 1920 and died on July 28th 1985. He ended his work in 1985.
Abdalaati Iguider was born in Errachidia and participates in the sport of athletics. He was a participant in the 2012 IAAF World Indoor Championships – men's 1500 metres. Abdalaati Iguider was born on March 25th 1987 and is a long distance runner. He weighs 57.0 kilograms.
Chuck Norris is a Taekwondo athlete and writes in English. He was a student of Carlos Machado. He was born on March 10th 1940 and is a karate player. He has a son called Mike Norris.
Charles Lyell was a writer in English and worked as an archaeologist. He was influenced by James Hutton and was a baronet.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao has a mother named Xiao Chuo. Emperor Jingzong of Liao has a child named Yelu Shuge and a sibling named Yelu Zhimo. His spouse is Xiao Chuo. Emperor Jingzong of Liao was born on 0948-09-01 and was an aristocrat.
Peyton Manning was born on March 24th, 1976 and speaks English. He has a brother named Cooper Manning. Peyton Manning is a voice actor and his father is Archie Manning. Cooper Manning plays American football.
Michael Bloomberg is a businessperson who works in the field of gun control. He is a Jew. He was born on February 14, 1942 in Boston. He worked for Salomon Brothers.
Héloïse d'Argenteuil was married to Peter Abelard, who was born in 1079 and was a philosopher. He is buried at the tomb of Heloise and Abelard, and he was a student of William of Champeaux. He died in Chalon-sur-Saône.
Rosalind Franklin, who was born in England, died on April 16, 1958. She had a Doctor of Philosophy degree. Rosalind Franklin, who was Jewish, died in Chelsea and was a student of Raymond Gosling.
Coluche was a comedian and his wife was Véronique Colucci. He was the creator of Restaurants du Cœur. Coluche was a French speaking comedian who died in a road crash in Puisseguin.
Kurt Waldheim was a lawyer who worked for the United Nations. He died in Vienna. He was born in Sankt Andrä-Wördern and died of heart failure. He was depicted by Kurt Waldheim dies at 88; ex-UN chief hid Nazi past.
Sandro Botticelli was a student of Filippo Lippi, who was born in Florence and died in Spoleto. Sandro Botticelli worked as an architectural draftsperson and was part of the Florentine School. He had a son named Filippino Lippi.
Marit Paulsen, born in Oslo, is a writer who works in Brussels. Marit Paulsen, who has a child named Stina Morian, was a member of the European Parliament. Stina Morian was born on March 2, 1974.
Jenna Jameson is an Italian American film producer who practices Judaism. She was born on April 9th 1974 in Las Vegas. She has a mass of 50.0 kilograms.
Herman Melville, who wrote travel literature, was born in Manhattan and was a native English speaker. He died in New York City and was buried in Woodlawn Cemetery.
Philipp Ludwig von Seidel was an astronomer who died on 13th August 1896. His father was Justus Christian Felix Seidel. He was a student of Georg Michael Anton Kerschensteiner and worked for the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. He was the brother of Georg Friedrich Justus Seidel.
Caligula was a politician and his father was Germanicus. He died at the Palatine Hill. Caligula was born in Antium and was a Roman senator. Germanicus has a child named Agrippina the Younger.
Saddam Hussein was executed by hanging and his wife was Samira Shahbandar. Saddam Hussein, who was born in Al-Awja, is a writer and has a son named Qusay Hussein.
Mike Oldfield is a musician who plays ambient music. He was born in Reading. He was born on May 15th 1953 and plays the electric guitar. He speaks English.
Caracalla was born in Lugdunum and was a senator in Ancient Rome. His mother was Julia Domna. Caracalla's father was Septimius Severus. Julia Domna has a child named Geta. Septimius Severus was married to Paccia Marciana.
Kjetil Andre Aamodt was born in Oslo and participated in the 1992 Winter Olympics. He is an alpine skier. Kjetil André Aamodt was born on 02 September 1971 and weighs 85.0 kilograms. He has held the position of UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador.
Mike Oldfield was born on May 15th 1953 and is a musician who plays pop rock music. He plays the tubular bell and is part of the band The Sallyangie. He has a sister called Sally Oldfield.
Adolf Butenandt, who was a university teacher, was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Chemistry and died on January 18th, 1995. Adolf Butenandt was born on March 24th 1903 and worked at the University of Tübingen.
Ludwig Erhard was born in Fürth and worked for the University of Bonn. He was also the Bayerischer Staatsminister für Wirtschaft. He was a member of the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction and participated in the 1949 West German presidential election. He died in Bonn.
Moliere was a stage actor and his wife was Armande Béjart. He is buried in the Cimetière Saint-Joseph de Paris. Moliere died in Paris. Armande Béjart died on November 30th 1700 and had a child named Esprit-Madeleine Poquelin.
Ludwig Erhard was a German politician and economist who served as the first Chancellor of West Germany from 1963 to 1966. He was born in Bavaria and studied economics at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. He was a member of the German Bundestag and spoke German. He worked in Bonn and died there. He had one child.
Ludwig Erhard was a member of the German Bundestag and a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election. He is a Lutheran. He was born on February 4th 1897 and died of heart failure in Bonn.
Molière was a stage actor and his wife was Armande Béjart. He is buried at the Museum of French Monuments. Molière was born in Paris. Armande Béjart was born in 1642 and died in Paris. She was a Sociétaire of the Comédie-Française.
Manuel Bulnes was a military personnel and was a marshal. He was married to Enriqueta Pinto Garmendia. He was born in Concepcion and died on October 18th 1866. He was a Catholic. He was President of Chile.
James Brown, who died on December 25th, 2006, was a singer-songwriter. His wife was Deidre Jenkins. James Brown was born in Barnwell and died in Atlanta. He played the organ. James Brown's last day of work was in 2006.
Rosa Luxemburg was an editor and had a doctorate in juridical science. She was a member of the Spartacus League and an atheist. She was born in Zamość and died in Berlin.
Emperor Wu of Jin has a mother named Wang Yuanji and a father named Sima Zhao. He also has a daughter named Princess Yangping. Emperor Wu of Jin has a child named Sima Hui and a child named Emperor Hui of Jin. He also has a daughter named Princess Xingyang. Emperor Wu of Jin has a child named elder princess Xingyang.
Franck Ribéry is a French football player who was born on April 7th 1983 in Boulogne-sur-Mer. He is a Muslim and weighs 72.0 kilograms. He played in the 2017–18 Bundesliga.
Novak Djokovic is a Serbian Orthodox Church member who played tennis at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He is a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. He has a brother named Djordje Djokovic and a father named Srdjan Djokovic. He also has COVID-19. He plays tennis.
James Cook was a botanist and was murdered. He had a son named George Cook. James Cook, who died on 14th February 1779, was a botanist and his works are in the collection of the Wereldmuseum Rotterdam. James Cook is an English person.
Marlene Dietrich was married to Rudolf Sieber and had an unmarried partner Jean Gabin. She died of natural causes. Marlene Dietrich died on 6th May 1992 and worked in Berlin. She is the owner of the Marlene Dietrich collection. Marlene Dietrich was a television actor.
Ada Lovelace was a writer who worked for the University of Cambridge. She was married to William King-Noel, 1st Earl of Lovelace. She was born in London and died in the Church of St. Mary Magdalene Hucknall. She had a child named Ralph King-Milbanke 2nd Earl of Lovelace. Her native language is English.
Andrei Tarkovsky was born on April 4th 1932. He is an Eastern Orthodox religion and a film editor. He died on 1986-12-28 from lung cancer. He ended his work in 1986. His notable work is The Mirror.
Emperor Aizong of Jin was the Emperor of China and was married to Empress Tudan. He died by hanging. Emperor Aizong of Jin was born on 25th September 1198. He was the son of Emperor Xuanzong of Jin. He died by suicide. Emperor Aizong of Jin has a mother named Empress Minghui.
Bob Marley was a member of the Latin Church and was buried at Nine Mile. He had a son named Julian Marley. Bob Marley was born in Jamaica and his native language is English. He died on April 11th, 1981 and his mother was Cedella Booker. Bob Marley plays the guitar.
George W. Bush was born in New Haven and is married to Laura Bush. He has a child named Jenna Bush Hager. George W. Bush was a statesperson and a senior lieutenant in the military. His father is George H. W. Bush. George W. Bush's sibling is Neil Bush.
Ernst Mielck, who was a student of Max Bruch, was a composer. Max Bruch, who played the violin, was a student of Ottorino Respighi and worked for the Berlin University of the Arts. Max Bruch, who died in Friedenau, was an opera singer.
Elizabeth J. Feinler was born on March 2, 1931 in Wheeling. She is a computer scientist. She was influenced by Douglas Engelbart and worked in the field of computer science. Douglas Engelbart died of natural causes and was a notable worker on the graphical user interface.
Elizabeth J. Feinler was born on March 2nd, 1931 in Wheeling. She is a computer scientist. She was influenced by Douglas Engelbart and worked in the field of computer science. Douglas Engelbart, who died in Atherton, was a notable worker in the field of human-computer interaction.
Philippe Pétain was a second lieutenant in the military and a Catholic. He was married to Annie Pétain and was sentenced to indignité nationale. His mother was Clotilde Legrand. He died on July 23, 1951.
Lech Kaczyński, who worked in Warsaw, was a trade unionist and had the godparent Stanisław Miedza-Tomaszewski. Lech Kaczyński, who died in an aviation accident, was a member of the Polish ethnic group and his mother was Jadwiga Kaczyńska. Lech Kaczyński's native language is Polish.
Cosimo Tura was born in 1430 and worked in Ferrara. He has works in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. He died in 1495. His notable work is Christ Crucified. He died in Ferrara.
Allen Ginsberg was a poet who wrote in English and died in East Village. He was born in Newark and has works in the collection of the Photography Collection of the New York Public Library. His archives are at the Louis Round Wilson Library. He is a member of the Jewish people.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau was born in Geneva and worked as a musicologist and botanist. He was born and died in Paris and is buried in the Pantheon. He is the son of Isaac Rousseau and his works are in the collection of the Nationalmuseum. His archives are at the University of Toronto Archives & Records Management Services.
José Rizal was a writer and his pseudonym was Laón Laang. He was executed by capital punishment. He was born to his father, Francisco Mercado and his mother, Teodora Alonzo. He was a member of the Latin Church. He died in Manila.
Bill Clinton is a lawyer and speaks English. He has angina pectoris. Bill Clinton, who has the blood type AB, was the Governor of Arkansas and participated in Crypto Bahamas 2022. Bill Clinton's father is William Jefferson Blythe Jr.
Charles de Gaulle was a French politician and military leader who served as the president of the Provisional Government of the French Republic from 1944 to 1946. He was the brother of Jacques de Gaulle and had a son named Philippe de Gaulle. He died on 9th November 1970.
Joseph Haydn was born in Rohrau and died on 31st May 1809. His notable work is Symphony No. 100. Joseph Haydn, who was a conductor, played the piano and had a father named Mathias Haydn. Joseph Haydn's field of work is string quartet.
Frank Lloyd Wright, who worked until 1959, has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria and has a son named John Lloyd Wright. Frank Lloyd Wright, who died from surgical complications, was different from Lloyd Wright. His notable work is the Annunciation Greek Orthodox Church. Frank Lloyd Wright was an urban planner.
Abraham Lincoln was depicted by Lincoln and his father was Thomas Lincoln. He is also known for his work, the Gettysburg Address. He worked as a farmer and had 4 children. He worked in Washington D.C. He has a child named Edward Baker Lincoln.
Antonio Vivaldi was a chamber musician who worked for the Ospedale della Pietà. He is buried in Vienna. Antonio Vivaldi was a music teacher and played the viola d'amore. He also held the position of kapellmeister. Antonio Vivaldi was born on March 4th, 1678.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is a film director and his brother is Meinhard Schwarzenegger. He is also known for his work in Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines. Arnold Schwarzenegger, whose native language is Bavarian, was born to his father Gustav Schwarzenegger. He also uses the pseudonym 
Ingmar Bergman, who was a playwright, is buried in Fårö begravningsplats. He is different from Ingrid Bergman. Ingmar Bergman, whose father is Erik Bergman, was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing Original Screenplay for The Seventh Seal. Ingmar Bergman was born at Uppsala Cathedral Assembly.
Ingmar Bergman, who is an actor, has a father named Erik Bergman. He has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art. Ingmar Bergman, who worked in Sweden, is married to Ellen Bergman and has a daughter named Eva Bergman. Ingmar Bergman was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing Original Screenplay.
Jacob Grimm was born in Hanau and worked as a secretary of legation. He was employed by Frederick William University. He was born in 1785 and died in Berlin. He worked in Göttingen. He is the brother of Wilhelm Grimm.
Le Corbusier, who died of a myocardial infarction, was a brutalist and has works in the collection of the Hungarian National Gallery. He was a photographer and the father of Georges-Édouard Jeanneret. His notable work is Notre Dame du Haut. He worked in the field of architecture.
Margaret Thatcher was a scientist and was the Chancellor of the College of William & Mary. She is buried at the Royal Hospital Chelsea. She was married to Denis Thatcher. She had a son named Mark Thatcher. She died from transient cerebral isolation.
William Shakespeare was born in Stratford-on-Avon and his wife was Anne Hathaway. He wrote The Tempest. William Shakespeare, who was a playwright, was born in Early Modern English and had a child named Hamnet Shakespeare. William Shakespeare's mother is Mary Shakespeare.
William Shakespeare was a poet and wrote The Two Noble Kinsmen. He was also an English Renaissance theatre. William Shakespeare was born in Stratford-on-Avon and his native language was Early Modern English. His father was John Shakespeare. William Shakespeare has a child named Judith Quiney.
Serge Gainsbourg, who died on March 2nd, 1991, was a jazz musician who was also known as 
Naguib Mahfouz, an Egyptian, was born on 11th December 1911 and has two children. He was influenced by Marcel Proust. He wrote Arabian Nights and Days and ended his work in 2004.
Miley Cyrus is a vegan, plays the electric guitar and is unmarried with Lucas Till. She is a singer-songwriter who performs hip hop music. She is influenced by Timbaland. Her native language is English.
Charlie Chaplin has 11 children and one of them is Sydney Chaplin. He was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor. Charlie Chaplin was an actor and his brother was Wheeler Dryden. He died at the Manoir de Ban. Charlie Chaplin died from cerebral hemorrhage.
Alessandro Manzoni was a senator of the Kingdom of Sardinia and was influenced by Augustin Thierry. He was a Catholic. He was a poet and his notable work was historio de la kolono infama. He was married to Teresa Borri. He writes in French.
August Strindberg is a Swedish writer and playwright. He was born in Stockholm and died in the same city. He is the son of Carl Oscar Strindberg and has a sister named Elisabeth Strindberg. He was influenced by Emmanuel Swedenborg and was a native speaker of Swedish. His pseudonym is Härved Ulf.
John Lennon, who played hard rock, is buried in Central Park. He was part of the Lennon-McCartney duo. He was born on October 9th, 1940 and is a singer. He has works in the collection of Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sofia. His pseudonym is Dr. Winston O'Boogie.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi was born in Porbandar and was an essayist. He was a member of the vegetarianism movement. He was born to Putlibai Karamchand Gandhi and died at the Gandhi Smriti. He is notable for his work satyagraha. He was a Hindu.
John Paul II worked in Rome and was present in work. He was a participant in the Podróż apostolska Jana Pawła II do Grecji, Syrii i na Maltę. He was a poet and a titular bishop. He died of natural causes. He writes in Italian.
Napoleon was unmarried but had a partner named Emilie Kraus von Wolfsberg. He was a Catholic and his works are in the collection of the Charents Museum of Literature and Arts. Napoleon's sibling is Louis Bonaparte and his wife is Marie Louise I Duchess of Parma. He also has a child named Napoleon II. Napoleon's native language is Corsican.
Katsushika Hokusai was a member of the Kasei culture. He was a drawer and a student of Katsukawa Shunshō. He participated in documenta 12. His notable work is Oceans of Wisdom. He worked in Edo and has works in the collection of the Ishikawa Prefectural Museum of Art.
Gustave Doré was born on 1833-01-06 and is a painter. He has works in the collection of the National Museum of Western Art. He was a Symbolist artist who worked for Le Charivari and was notable for his work Andromeda. He is French.
Pablo Picasso was born on October 25th, 1881 in Málaga. He worked in the field of jewelry. He was influenced by Henri Rousseau and participated in Jewelry by Contemporary Painters and Sculptors. His works are in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. His genre is animal art.
Ruzi Ying was the Emperor of China.
Cleopatra the Alchemist is a philosopher and an alchemist.
Ante Bilobrk was born on April 3rd 1919 and died on June 26th 1943.
Charlemagne was a sovereign and a monarch.
Elsa Triolet was born in Moscow and died in Saint-Arnoult-en-Yvelines.
Fulcher of Chartres was born in Chartres and died in Jerusalem.
Chen Yu-chie is a chemist and a university teacher.
Guiot de Provins was born in Provins and was a composer.
Francesco Ubertini, called Bacchiacca, was a painter who died in Florence.
Béroul is a poet and writer.
John Gilbert is a film editor and screenwriter.
Liu Penzi was born in the People's Republic of China and suffers from blindness.
Liu Penzi was born in the People's Republic of China and suffers from blindness.
Anat Cohen-Dayag is a geneticist and biochemist.
Mikhail Bulgakov was born in Kyiv and died in Moscow.
Aimeric de Peguilhan was born in Toulouse and was a troubadour.
Lucius Verus was born in Rome and held the position of an Ancient Roman Senator.
Emperor Daozong of Liao has a father Emperor Xingzong of Liao who has a father Emperor Shengzong of Liao.
Lucius Verus was born in Rome and held the position of an Ancient Roman Senator.
Florencia de Saracho was born on December 4th, 1981 and is a television actor.
Quintus Curtius Rufus was a writer and his notable work was Histories of Alexander the Great.
Folquet de Marselha was a Catholic priest and a troubadour.
George Zorab was born in 1898 and was a parapsychologist.
Emperor Houshao of Han has a father Emperor Hui of Han and a mother Empress Lü Zhi.
Roman Jerala was born in Jesenice and works for the University of Ljubljana.
Richard Holmes was born in London and is a writer.
Hazel Bishop, a chemist, died in Rye.
Jana Senkova was born in Sternberk and weighs 73.0 kilograms.
Marie de France was a translator and was part of the medieval poetry movement.
Eugen Polanski, who has a mass of 80.0 kilograms, plays football.
Piet Roozenburg was born in Rotterdam and is a draughts player.
Stefanie Heinzmann is a singer who performs crossover jazz.
Jérémy Ménez was born in Longjumeau and plays football.
Craig Barron was born in Berkeley and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Emperor Huizong of Song was the son of Emperor Shenzong of Song and his religion was Taoism.
Lambert of Ardres was born in 1160 and is a member of the Catholic Church.
Jérémy Ménez was born on 7th May 1987 and plays football.
Gilles de Paris died in 1224 and wrote in Latin.
Craig Barron was born on April 6th, 1961 and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
Bartolomeo Coghetto was a painter who died in Treviso.
Kellie Wells was born on July 16th, 1982 and plays athletics.
Klaus Störtebeker was born in Wismar and died in Hamburg.
Lashinda Demus is a hurdler from Inglewood.
Steffen Wöller was born in Erfurt and has a mass of 74.0 kilograms.
Jérémy Toulalan is an association football player who participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Hatem Ben Arfa plays football and was a participant in the UEFA Euro 2012.
Bjorn Otto is a pole vaulter and an athlete.
Steffen Wöller was born on 10th September 1972 and is a luger.
Emperor Huanzong of Western Xia was born in 1177 and died in 1206.
Mariya Savinova is a participant in the 2012 Summer Olympics and plays the sport of athletics.
Andreas Capellanus was a writer who died in 1220 and was a member of the Catholic Church.
Mitchell Watt was born on March 25th 1988 and is an athletics competitor.
Jean-Jacques Kieffer was born in Guinkirchen and worked in the field of dipterology. He died in 1925.
Isaac Brock was born in the Bailiwick of Guernsey and died at Fort George. He was a military officer.
José María Ventura Casas was born on February 2, 1817. He was a composer and had one child.
Jessica Ennis-Hill, who was born in Sheffield, participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics and has a mass of 57.0 kilograms.
Carmelita Jeter, who was born in Los Angeles, has a mass of 50.0 kilograms and ended her work in 2017.
Jon Abrahams was born on October 29th, 1977. He is a film director and writes in English.
Erik Kynard was born on February 3rd 1991 and is a high jumper. He participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Karen Wetterhahn was born on October 16th, 1948 in Plattsburgh. She is a chemist.
Sanya Richards-Ross was born on February 26th, 1985 and has a mass of 62.0 kilograms. She participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Ivan Regen was born in Gorenja Vas and is a biologist who works in the field of bioacoustics.
Horace was born in Venosa and studied under Cratippus of Pergamon, a philosopher.
Ivan Regen was born on December 9th, 1868. He is an entomologist and works in the field of bioacoustics.
Dennis Lawrence was born on 1st August 1974 and plays association football.
Mathieu Debuchy was born on July 28th 1985 in Fretin. He played in the UEFA Euro 2012.
Robert Grabarz was born in Enfield and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He is a member of the athletics team.
Alou Diarra, who was born in Villepinte, France, has a mass of 79.0 kilograms and participated in the UEFA Euro 2012.
Chloe Grace Moretz, who was born in Atlanta, writes in English.
Maciej Zielinski is a basketball player who played in EuroBasket 1991. He is also a member of the Sejm of the Republic of Poland.
Raphael was born in Urbino and died in the Pantheon. He was an architect.
Anthony Sweijs was born in Amsterdam and died in Rotterdam. He played the sport of shooting.
James K. Gibson was born on February 18, 1812. He was a politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives from Virginia.
Michael Schmidt-Salomon was born on September 14th, 1967. He is an atheist and works for the University of Trier.
Sidney Govou, born in Le Puy-en-Velay, played association football and participated in the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Denny Hulme was born on June 18th, 1936 and was a Formula One driver. He died at the Mount Panorama Circuit.
Vince Glándulas, born in Richmond, is a television producer who worked on Breaking Bad.
José Joaquín Prieto was a military personnel and a senator of Chile. He died in Santiago.
José Joaquín Prieto was born in Concepción and died in Santiago. He was a Catholic.
Norma Stitz was born on December 22, 1956. She has brown eyes and suffers from hypertrophy of the breast.
Mack Wilberg was born in Price and works as a conductor for Brigham Young University.
Primož Kozmus, born in Novo Mesto, participated in the 2004 Summer Olympics and is a professional athlete.
Darshan Ranganathan was born in Delhi and worked in Kanpur. He died on June 4th 2001.
Dean Ho, who died on 2021-02-20, was an amateur wrestler who retired in 1983.
Jim Clark was born on March 4th 1936 and participated in the 24 Hours of Le Mans. He also competed in auto racing.
Rodger Bumpass is a singer from the English speaking country. He is also known for his work on SpongeBob SquarePants.
Keshorn Walcott was born on April 2nd 1993 and is an athletics competitor. He participated in the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Hippocrates was a student of Democritus, who was a student of Leucippus, who was a philosopher.
Justin Gatlin was born on February 10th 1982 in Brooklyn. He participated in the men's 100 metres at the 2016 Summer Olympics.
Hansle Parchment, born in Saint Thomas Parish, is a hurdler who participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Georgina Cassar was born in Welwyn Garden City and participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics in the sport of artistic gymnastics.
Hélinand of Froidmont was a monk who worked for the University of Toulouse and wrote in Latin.
Manfred Gerlach, a jurist, died in Berlin on October 17th, 2011.
David Cairns was born on August 7th 1966 and died on May 9th 2011. He was a Latin Catholic priest.
Maxine Singer is a biologist who works in the field of molecular biology. She is employed by the National Cancer Institute.
Greg Rutherford is a long jumper who participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Ken Jennings was born on May 23, 1974. He is a blogger and works in the field of informatics.
Galileo Galilei was born in Pisa and died in Arcetri. He was a university teacher.
Alessandro Del Piero was born on 9th November 1974 and weighs 73.0 kilograms. He participated in the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
Louis Blériot was born in Cambrai and was an engineer. He died of a myocardial infarction.
Gilles de Corbeil is a urologist and was a student of Peter Musandinus. He is different from Gilles de Paris. Gilles de Corbeil was born in Corbeil-Essonnes.
Qin Shi Huangdi's father is King Zhuangxiang of Qin. King Zhuangxiang of Qin has a mother named Xia Ji and a spouse named Queen Dowager Zhao. He also has a child named Ziying.
Sigfrid Edstrom was born on November 21st 1870 and died in Stockholm. He was an athletics competitor. He died on March 18th, 1964.
Anja Pärson, who was born in Tärna, is a participant in alpine skiing at the 2006 Winter Olympics – women's downhill. She weighs 81.0 kilograms. She is a member of the Sámi people.
Louis XI of France was the son of Charles VII of France and Marie of Anjou. He had a son named Joachim de Valois. Louis XI of France was born in Bourges.
José Joaquín Pérez was born on May 6th 1801 and worked in Santiago. He was a politician and a deputy of Chile.
Eugenio Calabi was born on May 11, 1923 and works in Saint Paul. He writes in Italian. He is a mathematician.
Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle was born on June 24th, 1942. He was a senator for life and his mother is Maria Ruiz-Tagle. He is an engineer.
Eugenio Calabi, who was born in Milan, works for the University of Minnesota in Saint Paul.
Jorge Montt was born in Casablanca and died in Santiago. His wife was Leonor Frederick Ledesma. He was an admiral in the military.
Federico Gamboa was born on December 22, 1864 and died in 1939. He was a politician. He was the Secretary of Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
Allen Sheppard was a politician who died on March 25th 2015. He was a member of the House of Lords. His spouse is Peggy Damaris Jones.
Warren Weir was born on October 31st 1989 in Trelawny Parish. He participated in the men's 4 x 100 metres relay at the 2018 Commonwealth Games. He has a mass of 71.0 kilogram.
Kathleen Lonsdale, who worked in the field of crystallography, died of cancer. Her archives are at the University College London. She worked for the Royal Institution.
Eddy Ottoz is a hurdler who has a mass of 67.0 kilograms. He is related to Sandro Calvesi. Eddy Ottoz's native language is Italian.
Fra Bartolomeo was a student of Cosimo Rosselli, who was a painter and died in Florence. Piero di Cosimo was born in Florence.
Anna Faris, who is married to Michael Barrett, writes in English. She has a brother named Robert Faris. She has 2 children.
Antoninus Pius was an Ancient Roman Senator who died in Lorium. He had a child named Aurelia Fadilla. He was born in Lanuvium.
Ramon Freire, who was a military personnel, died in Santiago. He had a child named Francisco Freire Caldera. Ramon Freire was born on November 29th, 1787.
Marcel Hirscher was born on March 2nd, 1989 in Hallein. He participated in alpine skiing at the 2018 Winter Olympics. He is an alpine skier.
Willi Stoph was born on July 9th 1914 and was a member of the Volkskammer. He was a politician. He died in Berlin.
Charles Martel, who died in Quierzy, had a father named Pepin of Herstal and a son named Hieronymus. Charles Martel was married to Rotrude of Trier.
Bronzino was a student of Pontormo and died in Florence. Pontormo died on January 2, 1557. Piero di Cosimo was born in Florence.
Mo Farah is a long distance runner who plays athletics and is a Muslim. He participated in the 2012 Summer Olympics.
Rurik had a child named Igor of Kiev. Igor of Kiev was married to Olga of Kiev. Uleb Igorevich died in 971 and his mother was Olga of Kiev.
Juan Luis Sanfuentes was born on December 27th 1858 and died in Santiago. He was a deputy of Chile. He was buried in the Santiago General Cemetery.
Emperor Mu of Jin was a member of the House of Sima and was the Emperor of China. He died in 361. His father was Emperor Kang of Jin.
John Hamilton, who was a member of the House of Lords, was married to Margaret Lyon and had a child, Lady Jean Hamilton. His sibling is Claud Hamilton, 1st Lord Paisley.
Emperor Ningzong of Song has a father named Emperor Guangzong of Song. Emperor Guangzong of Song has a child called Princess Wen'an. Princess Hezheng has a sibling named Princess Wen'an.
John Romita Jr. was born on August 17th, 1956 in Brooklyn. He is a notable comic book artist who worked on Uncanny X-Men. John Romita Jr. is a comics artist.
John Romita Jr. was born in Brooklyn and is a comic artist. He has worked on Iron Man. His father is John Romita Sr.
John Romita Jr. was born on August 17, 1956 in Brooklyn. He is known for his work on Uncanny X-Men. He is a comics artist.
John Hamilton was born in 1537 and was a politician. He was a member of the House of Lords. He had a child named Edward Hamilton.
Peter Kropotkin was born in Moscow and died on February 8th, 1921. He was a politician. He died of natural causes.
Graham Hill was born in Hampstead and is a racing automobile driver. He died in an aviation accident.
Horst Köhler, who is a Lutheran, was the secretary of state from Germany and has two children. He was a participant in the 2009 German presidential election.
Emperor Ming of Jin was born in 299 and has a sibling named Sima Xi. He also has a son named Emperor Cheng of Jin. Emperor Ming of Jin is from the House of Sima.
Paul Otto was a film actor who died on November 30th, 1943. He spoke German. He was born on February 8th, 1878.
Bode Miller, who weighs 91.0 kilograms, is an alpine skier who participated in the 2002 Winter Olympics. He is also an autobiographer.
Emperor Ai of Jin was born on 341 and died on 0365-03-30. He was a member of the House of Sima. Emperor Ai of Jin has a mother named Consort Zhou.
Mervyn Peake was born in Lianxi District and was an illustrator. He died from a neurological disorder. His archives are at the British Library.
Ashton Eaton, who was born in Portland, is a combined track and field event athlete.
Ashton Eaton is a combined track and field event athlete who works in athletics. He retired in 2017. Ashton Eaton has a mass of 82.0 kilograms.
Ashton Eaton, who was born in Portland, is a sportsman who plays athletics. He is married to Brianne Theisen-Eaton, who participated in the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Miep Gies was born in Vienna and was a resistance fighter. She died of a disease in Hoorn.
Jimmy Kimmel was born on November 13th 1967 and is unmarried but has a partner named Sarah Silverman. He has the medical condition of narcolepsy. He is a Catholic.
Scipio Africanus was born in Ancient Rome and his father was Publius Cornelius Scipio, who was a Roman governor and died in the Iberian Peninsula.
Yang Tong's mother is Empress Dowager Liu, and his father is Yang Zhao. Yang Zhao died in 606 from poison.
Scipio Africanus was born in Ancient Rome and his father was Publius Cornelius Scipio. Publius Cornelius Scipio was a noble and his brother was Gnaeus Cornelius Scipio Calvus.
Yang Tong is a member of the Sui dynasty and has a father named Yang Zhao. Yang Zhao was an aristocrat and his sister was Consort Yang.
Juan Antonio Rios was born on November 10th 1888 and was a Minister of the Interior of Chile. He died of cancer in Santiago.
Stefan Raab was born on October 20th 1966. He is an entertainer and plays Autoball. He plays the upright piano and was a conductor at the Eurovision Song Contest.
Bertrand I of Baux was the spouse of Tibors de Sarenom, who was born in 1145 and is a writer. Tibors de Sarenom is a poet and has a mother named Tiburge of Orange.
Tibors de Sarenom was born in Orange and died in 1182. He was a writer. His father is William of Aumelas.
Alessandro Volta was an academic who died in Como. He was married to Teresa Peregrini. He was born in Como and wrote in Italian.
Matija Gogala was born in Ljubljana and works for the University of Ljubljana. He has a son named Andrej Gogala. Matija Gogala is an entomologist who is interested in entomology.
Francisco Antonio Pinto was a diplomat and a minister of foreign affairs of Chile. He has a son named Anibal Pinto. He died in 1858 and had 3 children.
Sara Simeoni, who weighs 60.0 kilograms, is a native Italian speaker and participated in the 1974 European Athletics Championships - women's high jump. She is a standard-bearer and is married to Erminio Azzaro.
Brigitte Fontaine, who is also known as 
Antiochus III the Great was a member of the Seleucid family and had a son named Antiochus IV Epiphanes. Antiochus IV Epiphanes has a mother named Laodice III. Laodice III has a father named Mithridates II of Pontus and a mother named Laodice.
Agnes Pockels, a chemist, died on November 21, 1935 in Brunswick. Her sibling is Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels. Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels worked in Heidelberg.
Gabriel Gonzalez Videla was born on November 22, 1898 and died on August 22, 1980. He worked as a diplomat in Santiago and was the President of Chile.
Italo Balbo was born in Quartesana and was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy. He died in action. He was born in 1896 and has a laurea academic degree.
Anne Frank was born in Frankfurt am Main and is notable for her work Tales from the Secret Annex. She has a sister named Eva Schloss. Anne Frank was a diarist and part of the Canon of Dutch Literature (2002 MNL).
Eric Bana, born in Melbourne, is an actor who has worked on the film Romulus My Father. He was born on 9th August 1968 and plays auto racing.
Denis Diderot was a translator who died in Paris and was buried in Saint-Roch. He was born in Langres and his father was Didier Diderot.
Kevin Mitnick, who uses the pseudonym Brian Merrill, is a notable author of Freedom Downtime. He was a participant in the World Government Summit 2016. Kevin Mitnick is an international forum participant and works in the field of social engineering.
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce, nicknamed 
Josep Tarradellas i Joan was a member of the Catalan Generalitat government and died on June 10th 1988. He is buried in Cervello. Josep Tarradellas i Joan worked in Madrid and was married to Antònia Macià i Gómez.
Frank Herbert was a prosaist and was married to Theresa Diane Shackelford. He died from pancreatic cancer. Frank Herbert was born on October 8th, 1920 and died of natural causes.
Italo Balbo was born on June 6th 1896 and died on June 28th 1940. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy. He was a military personnel who died in an accident.
Emperor Shizong of Liao has a child named Yelü Houabu and a sibling named Yelü Louguo. The Liao dynasty is his family. Emperor Shizong of Liao has a mother called Empress Dowager Xiao and a father called Yelu Bei.
Aristotle was a biologist and a member of the Peripatetic school. He died in Stageira. Aristotle was a student of Plato and was a philosopher of language.
Georges Brassens, a writer, died on 1981-10-29 from cancer.
Alison Lohman was born on September 18th, 1979 and writes in English. She is a stage actor who was born in Palm Springs.
Jonathan Winters was born on 11th November 1925 and has two children. He is a painter. Jonathan Winters, who died on April 11, 2013, was a native English speaker.
Christina Obergföll was born on 22nd August 1981 and is an athlete who participated in athletics at the 2016 Summer Olympics. She is married to Boris Obergföll.
Georges Brassens was a French chansonnier who died of cancer. He is buried in the Sete (Le Py) cemetery.
Nicolas Anelka is an international forum participant who works for Mumbai City FC and participated in the Middle East and Africa Summit 2020. He was born in Le Chesnay and weighs 80.0 kilograms.
Zach Gilford was born on January 14, 1982 and is a film actor. He speaks English. Zach Gilford was born in Evanston. Kiele Sanchez writes in English.
Emperor Gong of Song has a father, Emperor Duzong of Song. Emperor Duzong of Song was born on May 2, 1240. He was a crown prince and had a child named Zhao Huang. Emperor Duzong of Song was married to Wang Qinghui.
Buddy Holly was a songwriter who died in 1959 in Clear Lake. He plays the violin and is a rockabilly musician.
Emperor Wu of Han was born and died in Chang'an. He was the son of Emperor Jing of Han and the husband of Lady Wang. He also had a child named Liu Dan.
Zinedine Zidane is a football manager who played in the 2006 FIFA World Cup. He is employed by UNICEF. He was born on June 23, 1972 and is a Muslim.
Caracalla was a Roman senator and his mother was Julia Domna. Septimius Severus was born in Leptis Magna and was married to Julia Domna. He had a child named Septimia Minor.
Heinrich Lübke was born on October 14th, 1894 and was a member of the German Bundestag. He spoke German. He was a captain in the military and is buried in Friedhof Enkhausen.
Georges Pompidou was a politician and was buried in Orvilliers. His father was Leon Pompidou. Georges Pompidou worked in politics in Paris.
Stephen Harper is a politician who was a participant in the FII 6th Edition in Riyadh and was a leader of the Conservative Party of Canada. Stephen Harper, who plays the piano, works in Ottawa.
Tony Garnier, who studied under Paul Blondel, is a notable architect who designed the Matmut Stadium. He was a student of Jean Cateland. Tony Garnier was born on August 13th, 1869 and is an urban planner.
Stephen Harper is a politician who works in Ottawa and was a member of the House of Commons of Canada. He played the piano and participated in the FII 5th Edition in Riyadh.
Louis de Funes, who was a stage actor, is buried in Le Cellier. He was married to Jeanne de Funes. Louis de Funès was born in Courbevoie and plays the piano.
Yuri Gagarin, who was an astronaut, is depicted by a bust in Irakleio. He is buried at the Kremlin Wall Necropolis. He was a colonel in the military and died in an aviation accident.
Emperor Bing of Song has a father named Emperor Duzong of Song. Emperor Duzong of Song was born in Shaoxing and had a child named Zhao Zhuo. He was married to Empress Dowager Yang. Emperor Duzong of Song was a ruler.
Arturo Alessandri was a lawyer and is buried in the Santiago General Cemetery. He has a son named Hernan Alessandri. Arturo Alessandri was the Chilean Minister of Finance and his brother is José Pedro Alessandri.
Emma P. Carr was born in Holmesville and worked as a chemist. She worked at Mount Holyoke College and died in Evanston.
Gustav Mahler was a classical composer and was Jewish. He had a daughter named Anna Mahler. Gustav Mahler's mother was Marie Herrmann and he is known for his Symphony No. 8.
Daniel Craig was born on March 2, 1968 and is a stage actor. He was nominated for the Jameson People's Choice Award for Best Actor. He is an Anglican and his mother is Carol Olivia Williams.
Emperor Shengzong of Liao has a father, Emperor Jingzong of Liao. Emperor Jingzong of Liao has a child named Yelu Zhengge and a sibling named Yelu Guanyin. His spouse is Mou Shi. Emperor Jingzong of Liao was the Emperor of China.
Friedrich Theodor Vischer, who used the pseudonym 
Daniel Craig is a film actor who has a child named Grace Craig. He is unmarried but has a partner named Heike Makatsch. He is also a writer in the English language and was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Narrator.
Theodor Heuss, who worked in Bonn, is a native speaker of German and has a brother named Hermann Heuss. He was a journalist and was a member of the FDP Bundestag fraction. His mother was Elisabeth Heuss.
Matthew Kneale was born on November 24th 1960 and his sister is Tacy Kneale. He was nominated for the Booker Prize. He is the son of Nigel Kneale and Judith Kerr. He is related to Robert Weismann.
Alberich of Reims was a student of Geoffroy the Philosopher and Anselm of Laon. Geoffroy the Philosopher is a philosopher. Anselm of Laon was born in Laon in 1050. Bruno of Cologne was a student of Anselm of Laon.
Emperor Kang of Jin was the Emperor of China and died on 11/17/0344. He was the brother of Emperor Cheng of Jin. Emperor Kang of Jin was married to Empress Chu Suanzi and had a mother named Empress Yu Wenjun. He also had a son named Emperor Mu of Jin.
Andre Agassi is a businessperson and played tennis. He has a child named Jaz Elle Agassi. Andre Agassi, who weighs 74.0 kilograms, was a participant in the 1992 Davis Cup and is married to Brooke Shields.
Alfred Jarry, who died in Paris, wrote in French and has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Art. Alfred Jarry was a critic who died of natural causes and tuberculosis.
Emperor Wen of Sui has a child called Princess Xiangguo and is married to Lady of the fishies. Yang Jun was a military personnel who died in 600. He had a sister named Princess Xiangguo. Yang Jun's family house is the House of Yang.
Totò, who died from a myocardial infarction, was different from Toto. He also had chorioretinitis. He was a comedian who died in Rome and was buried in the Cemetery of Santa Maria del Pianto.
Emperor Taizu of Liao has a mother named Empress Dowager Yaonian Yanmujin and a spouse named Xiao Shi. He also has a child named Yelü Bei. Emperor Taizong of Liao was born on 0902-11-25. He was a member of the Liao dynasty and had a sibling named Yelü Bei.
Jonny Lee Miller was born on November 15th 1972. He is married to Angelina Jolie and his mother is Anne Gladys Lee. He was born in Kingston upon Thames and has 2 children. He writes in English.
Alfred Jarry was a poet who died of tuberculosis. He has works in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art. Alfred Jarry was born on October 8th 1873 and worked in the performing arts. His notable work is Exploits and Opinions of Dr. Faustroll, Pataphysician.
Luigi Einaudi was born in Carrù and worked in Rome. He was Governor of the Banca d'Italia. Luigi Einaudi, a journalist, is the father of Giulio Einaudi. He is native to the Italian language.
Plato was a writer and a student of Theodoros of Cyrene. His father was Ariston of Athens. Plato was a member of the Platonism movement. Ariston of Athens was a classical antiquity figure and had a child named Glaucon.
Alexander Severus was a Roman emperor and his father was Caracalla and his mother was Julia Avita Mamaea. Caracalla was born in Lugdunum and his father was Septimius Severus. Septimius Severus had a child named Geta.
Giuseppe Saragat was born in Turin and was a politician who held the position of Vice President of the Council of Ministers of Italy. He was born on 19th September 1898 and was a lieutenant in the military. He speaks Italian.
David Cameron, who is a member of the Anglican religion, is the leader of the opposition and has a child named Nancy Gwen Beatrice Cameron. David Cameron, who works in London, is an international forum participant and has a brother named Alexander Cameron.
Albert II of Belgium, who was King of the Belgians, ended his work period on July 21, 2013. He has a son, Prince Laurent of Belgium. Albert II of Belgium is a King of the Belgians and has the Brabançonne as his national anthem. He is the brother of Baudouin I of Belgium.
Gustav Heinemann was born on July 23, 1899 and was a theologian. He was a member of the SPD Bundestag fraction. He died in Essen and had a child named Christa Delius.
Steve Mandanda, who weighs 82.0 kilograms, is a native French speaker who plays association football and has COVID-19.
Neil Armstrong, who worked for the University of Cincinnati, is a native English speaker and worked in the field of space exploration. Neil Armstrong, who died in Cincinnati, has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria and was present in the Star Trek: The Original Series Core Game Book.
Trajan, who was part of the Five Good Emperors, died of apoplexy and is buried at Trajan's Column. Trajan was a politician who died in Cilicia during the High Roman Empire.
Émilie du Châtelet was born on 17th December 1706. She was unmarried and had a child named Louis Marie Florent du Châtelet. Her partner was Jean François de Saint-Lambert. She was a student of Alexis Clairaut and died on 10th September 1749. Her archives are at Haute-Marne.
Ludwig Erhard was an economist and had one child. He was a member of the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction. He worked in Bonn and was a member of the German Bundestag. He was a participant in the 1949 West German presidential election.
Oscar Luigi Scalfaro was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Italian Republic and a lawyer. He is a Catholic. He was born on 9th September 1918 and died on 29th January 2012. He had a child named Marianna Scalfaro.
Memphis Depay is a football player who plays in the Ligue 1 and has a voice instrument. He has a mass of 74.0 kilograms.
Rosa Luxemburg was born on December 25th, 1870 in Zamość. She was an economist. She worked in Warsaw and was buried in Zentralfriedhof Friedrichsfelde. She died in Berlin.
Richard von Weizsäcker was born on April 15th 1920 at New Palace. He was a captain in the military and held the position of president of Germany. He also has a doctorate.
Giacomo Puccini, who worked in the field of opera, died of natural causes. He has works in the collection of the New York Public Library for the Performing Arts. He was born on 1858-12-22. He was a student of Amilcare Ponchielli and his father was Michele Puccini.
Isabella I, Queen of Armenia, has a mother named Sibylla of Lusignan and a child named Sibylla of Armenia. Princess Isabella of Armenia is a member of the Hethumids family and has a sibling named Sibylla of Armenia. Her father is Hethum I. Princess Isabella of Armenia is a noble.
Manuel Bulnes was born in Concepción and was a politician and senator of Chile. He was also a marshal and had a child named Manuel Bulnes Pinto. He died in Santiago.
Walter Scheel is a politician who speaks German and has 3 children. He was a senior lieutenant in the military and worked in politics. He was a member of the Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development.
Bruno Mars is a songwriter who plays contemporary R&B music. He has a brother named Eric Hernandez. Bruno Mars is named after Bruno Sammartino and is influenced by Michael Jackson. His mother is Bernadette San Pedro Bayot.
German Riesco is a lawyer and his wife is Maria Errázuriz. He has a brother named Jorge Riesco Errázuriz. Maria Errázuriz was born in Santiago and has a child named Germán Ignacio Riesco. Her mother is Eulogia Echaurren.
Snoop Dogg, also known as Bigg Snoop Dogg, is a funk musician who practices the Rastafari movement. He was born in Long Beach and writes in English. He is a television actor.
Louis Aragon, who died on 1982-12-24, was a French native speaker and a member of the Dada movement. Louis Aragon, who was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature, is a historian and uses the pseudonym 
Ferdinand Marcos was a politician and a member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines. He had a child named Irene Marcos-Araneta. He was born on 11th September 1917 and was buried at Byodo-In. He had a sister called Fortuna Marcos-Barba.
Louis Aragon, who was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature, was a physician writer and was married to Elsa Triolet. He was born in France and died on December 24th, 1982. He is buried in Moulin de Villeneuve.
Ferdinand Marcos was born on 11th September 1917 and was a lawyer. He was also the Prime Minister of the Philippines. He was different from Fernando Marcos and died on 1989-09-28. He was known as Apo Lakay.
Jean-François Champollion, who worked at the Grenoble Alpes University, was a university teacher and an expert in Egyptian hieroglyphs. He was the son of Jacques Champollion and had a sister named Marie Champollion. He was a student of Karl Richard Lepsius.
Marlene Dietrich was born on 1901-12-27 and is an entertainer. She plays the musical saw. Marlene Dietrich, who was born in Germany, was unmarried but had a partner named John F. Kennedy. Her relative is Georg Hugo Will.
Dorothy Hodgkin, who worked in biochemistry, was the daughter of John Winter Crowfoot and the sister of Elizabeth Grace Crowfoot. She died on July 29th, 1994.
Richard Stallman was born in Manhattan and has a Doctor of Sciences degree. He is notable for his work on GNU Emacs. He is a free software developer who has worked for the Free Software Movement and was president.
Napoleon III, a member of the royalty, worked in Paris and was a student of Guillaume Henri Dufour. He was the head of government of France and was buried in the Sarcophagus of Emperor Napoleon III. His brother was Charles de Morny, Duke of Morny.
George W. Bush, who worked in Austin, is married to Laura Bush and has a daughter named Barbara Bush. George W. Bush, who plays rugby, is a member of the Episcopal Church and has blood type O.
Elizabeth J. Feinler is a computer scientist who works in the field of computer science. She is archived at the Computer History Museum. She was influenced by Douglas Engelbart, who worked at the Ames Research Center and died of kidney failure.
Louis Philippe I, who is native to France, has a sister named Princess Adelaide of Orleans and a daughter named Princess Francoise of Orleans. Louis-Philippe I was a member of the House of Orleans and was a Lieutenant General in the military. He ended his work in 1850.
Federico Fellini was born on January 20th, 1920 and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing Adapted Screenplay. He is buried in Rimini. He died in Rome in 1992.
Giuseppe Verdi, who studied under Vincenzo Lavigna, was the owner of Villa Verdi and was buried in Casa de Riposo por Musicisti. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of the Kingdom of Italy and his wife was Giuseppina Strepponi. He is also known for his work, Il trovatore.
Louis Bonaparte was born on 02 September 1778 and died on July 25th, 1846 of natural causes. He was the brother of Elisa Bonaparte. Louis Bonaparte's archives are at the Defence Historical Service. He has a child named Napoleon Louis Bonaparte.
Gerhard Schroder, a lawyer, was a participant in the 2004 German presidential election and is married to Anne Taschenmacher. He was born on April 7th 1944 and worked for N M Rothschild & Sons. He was also President of the Bundesrat of Germany.
Bruce Willis is a film producer and was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in a Television Series Musical or Comedy. He is married to Demi Moore. He was born in Idar-Oberstein and writes in English. He is known for his work on Moonlighting. He has frontotemporal dementia.
Daniel Balavoine is a recording artist who plays the Fairlight CMI and performs art rock. He was born on February 5th 1952. He has a son called Jeremie Balavoine and was influenced by Phil Collins. He died on 1986-01-14.
Elvis Presley is a film actor who plays the voice instrument and performs rock music. He was born on January 8th, 1935 and died in Memphis. He spoke English. He is a relative of Brandon Presley.
Daniel Balavoine was born in Alencon and plays the acoustic guitar. He has a child named Joana Balavoine. He died in an aviation accident. He is a singer-songwriter.
Pius XII was consecrated by Giovanni Nasalli Rocca di Corneliano and participated in the 1939 papal conclave. He is buried in St. Peter's Basilica. He was depicted by Pius XII and the rescue of Jews in Italy: evidence of a papal directive. He was a cardinal and died at Castel Gandolfo. He worked at the Vatican City.
Helmut Kohl was born in the Old Cemetery on April 3rd, 1930. He was a participant in the 1987 West German federal election and has a son named Walter Kohl. He is a political scientist and was the Chairman of the CDU/CSU Bundestag fraction. He held the position of Chancellor of Germany. His mother is Cäcilie Kohl.
François Hollande, who was born in Rouen, is a member of the French National Assembly and was unmarried partner of Ségolène Royal. He is an agnostic who is a participant in the international forum. He has a son named Thomas Hollande. He works in Paris.
Sean Connery is a television actor and was nominated for an MTV movie award for best on screen duo. He was also an able seaman in the military. Sean Connery, who was born in England, died on October 31, 2020. His father was Joseph Connery. Sean Connery plays football.
Tupac Shakur was a singer and was named after Tupac Amaru II. He is related to Geronimo Pratt. Tupac Shakur's mother is Afeni Shakur and he plays the voice instrument. He has a brother named Mopreme Shakur. Tupac Shakur's genre is political hip hop.
Tupac Shakur was an African American actor and hip hop musician. He was married to Keisha Morris and had a father named Mutulu Shakur. He ended his work in 1996 and wrote in English.
Tupac Shakur was a composer and hip hop musician. His father was Mutulu Shakur. Tupac Shakur was killed at the University Medical Center of Southern Nevada. He was related to Kastro and had a sister named Sekyiwa Shakur. Tupac Shakur was born in East Harlem.
Wilhelm Grimm was born in 1786 and was a collector of fairy tales. He was a Calvinist. He wrote in German and his notable work is Grimms' fairy tales. He was married to Dorothea Grimm. His sister is Charlotte Amalie Grimm.
José Rizal was born in Calamba and worked in the field of medicine. He was married to Josephine Bracken. He was a painter and a student of Otto Heinrich Enoch Becker. He had a brother named Paciano Rizal. He died by capital punishment.
Bill Clinton is a diplomat and plays the saxophone. His mother is Virginia Clinton Kelley. He has one child and a pet called Socks. His father is William Jefferson Blythe Jr. His native language is English.
Louis XVI of France was born at the Palace of Versailles and was buried at the Basilica of Saint-Denis. He was the brother of Charles X of France. He was a student of Alexandre Frédéric Jacques de Masson Pezay and was part of Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette. He had a child named Princess Sophie of France. He was a French co-prince of Andorra.
George Orwell was born in Motihari and worked as a journalist. His notable work is Politics and the English Language. George Orwell, who died on 1950-01-21, was a native English speaker and had a sister named Marjorie Frances Blair. George Orwell worked in the performing arts.
Jacques Chirac, who was a member of the French National Assembly, has a son named Claude Chirac. He is also known for his work on the development of the port of New Orleans. He was born in the 5th arrondissement of Paris and died of natural causes. He is buried at Montparnasse Cemetery. He died in the 6th arrondissement of Paris.
Émile Zola is a novelist and his mother is Émilie Aubert. He is different from Elémire Zolla. Émile Zola was a journalist and a writer. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature. Émile Zola was a member of the free-thought movement.
Charles Aznavour is a recording artist who works for UNICEF. His father is Misha Aznavourian. Charles Aznavour, who died in Mouriès, was married to Evelyne Plessis and has a child named Katia Aznavour. Charles Aznavour was born in the 6th arrondissement of Paris.
Charles Aznavour is an ambassador of Armenia and has a son named Misha Aznavour. His wife is Micheline Rugel. Charles Aznavour was born on 22nd May 1924 and has 5 children. His father is Misha Aznavourian. Charles Aznavour performs world music.
Carl Sagan, a naturalist, was married to Ann Druyan and wrote The Demon-Haunted World. Carl Sagan, who was a student of Bill Nye, worked in the field of planetary science and had the medical condition myelodysplastic syndrome. Carl Sagan writes in English.
Carl Sagan was a space scientist and worked in the field of popular science. He is notable for his work The Demon-Haunted World. He was born on November 9th, 1934 and worked for Cornell University. He has a son named Nick Sagan. He was a student of Steven W. Squyres.
Albert II, Prince of Monaco, was a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2016 and held the position of president. His official name is 
Willy Brandt was an autobiographer who was President of the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin and died on 1992-10-08. He worked in the field of politics and was married to Anna Carlotta Thorkildsen. He worked in Bonn. He has a son named Lars Brandt.
Frédéric Chopin was a student of Józef Elsner and worked in the field of waltz. He is most notable for his work Études. His mother is Tekla Justyna Chopin.
Antonio Vivaldi was a music teacher who ended his work period in 1741. He was also known as 
Che Guevara was a chess player who was married to Aleida March and died by homicide. He was born in Rosario and was influenced by Mao Zedong. His father was Ernesto Guevara Lynch. His pseudonym is 
Che Guevara was born on June 14th, 1928 and died on October 9th, 1967. His pseudonym was Ramon. He was interested in chess and had a child named Aleida Guevara. He was killed extra-judicially. He was an essayist.
Valery Giscard d'Estaing was born on February 2, 1926. He was a Minister of the Economy, Finances and Industry and died from COVID-19. Valery Giscard d'Estaing is the son of Edmond Giscard d'Estaing and is married to Anne-Aymone Giscard d'Estaing. Valéry Giscard d'Estaing is a statesperson.
Valéry Giscard d'Estaing was born on February 2, 1926. He is a politician and a member of the Catholic Church. He worked in Brussels and was a Minister of the Economy, Finances and Industry. His archives are at the Archives nationales. He was born in Koblenz.
Johann Sebastian Bach was born in Eisenach. He was a violist and was buried at St. Thomas Church. His father was Johann Ambrosius Bach. He was employed by the Collegium Musicum and was married to Anna Magdalena Bach. He had a child named Christiana Sophia Enrietta Bach.
Hans Christian Andersen was born on April 2nd 1805. He died on August 4th, 1875. He was a Lutheran and his sister is Karen Marie Andersen. He wrote The Steadfast Tin Soldier. He was born in Odense.
Hans Christian Andersen is a cut-paper artist and is notable for his work The Little Match Girl. He is different from Hans Andersen. He is a Danish author who worked in Copenhagen and wrote fairy tales. He is depicted by the Bust of Hans C Andersen Naupactus.
Narendra Modi is a politician and an international forum participant. He is different from Narendra Dabholkar. Narendra Modi, who weighs 75.0 kilograms, has white hair and participated in the 12th BRICS summit. Narendra Modi's native language is Gujarati.
Ingmar Bergman, who works in the performing arts, was born on July 14th 1918 in Uppsala Cathedral Assembly. His father is Erik Bergman. He died in the Fårö parish.
Tom Hanks is a film producer who writes in English. He has type 2 diabetes. He is married to Samantha Lewes and has a brother named Larry Hanks. He is a melodrama actor.
James Joyce, who worked in the field of literature, had a child named Lucia Joyce. He lived in Paris. James Joyce, who is an author, has blue eyes and was unmarried to Nora Barnacle. James Joyce writes fiction literature.
M.C. Escher was a graphic artist and his spouse was Jetta Umiker. He has works in the collection of the National Museum of World Cultures. M.C. Escher's mother was Sara Adriana Gleichman and he worked in Haarlem. He also worked in the still life genre. M. C. Escher's notable work is Waterfall.
Angela Merkel is a physicist and her native language is German. She has a brother named Marcus Kasner. Angela Merkel, Angela Kasner, is a participant in the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting 2013 and has a doctor rerum naturalium academic degree. Angela Merkel was employed by the Zentralinstitut für Physikalische Chemie.
Louis XIV of France was the French co-prince of Andorra and was buried in the Basilica of Saint-Denis. He had a child named Charles de La Baume Le Blanc. He was born on September 5th 1638 and was present in the work A Little Chaos. He was part of the early modern France. He has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Art.
J. R. R. Tolkien was born on 1892-01-03 and was a military officer. He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature. J. R. R. Tolkien, who worked for The Oxford English Dictionary, is the author of the book Tree and Leaf. He also used the pseudonym 
J. R. R. Tolkien is an English person who was influenced by Edward Wyke Smith. He is a member of the Tolkien family. He was a military officer and a translator. He was nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation Long Form. His field of work is fantasy literature.
Antonin Dvorak was born in 1841 and was a violist. Antonin Dvorak, who studied with William Arms Fisher, is a composer. Antonin Dvorak worked in New York City.
Leonhard Euler was a German mathematician and physicist who worked as an astronomer in Saint Petersburg. He was notable for his work Euler's theorem. He was born on 1707-04-15 and worked in the field of theory of differential equations. He was a student of Mikhail Golovin.
Michael Jackson is a musician who plays the percussion instrument. He is married to Lisa Marie Presley and has a sister called Janet Jackson. He is an African American and a perfectionist.
Diego Velazquez was born in Seville and works in the portrait genre. He has works in the collection of the National Gallery of Victoria. He is a court painter and worked in Madrid. He is buried in Madrid. Diego Velázquez's father is João Rodrigues da Silva.
Andy Warhol was born in Pittsburgh and worked in the field of design. He was a member of the pop art movement. He worked in Paris and has works in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. He was a participant in De Calder à Koons Bijoux d'Artistes La Collection Idéale de Diane Venet.
Henri Matisse, who worked in London, has works in the collection of the Seattle Art Museum. One of his notable works is Blue Nude II. He was a participant in Documenta 1 and died of natural causes. He was a divisionist. He died of a myocardial infarction.
Rembrandt was a Dutch painter who worked as an architectural draftsperson. He had a child named Titus van Rijn and was a student of Karel van der Pluym. He is known for his work Belshazzar's Feast and was active during the Dutch Golden Age.
Usain Bolt, who has the medical condition COVID-19, is a participant in the 2011 World Championships in Athletics – men's 200 metres and is a sprinter. Usain Bolt, born on 1986-08-21, is a sprinter who weighs 95.0 kilograms. Usain Bolt was born in Sherwood Content.
